# black-mirror-idea

### 2024-04-18 16:42 - the basic concept

originally, I started to think about the flat-earth-idea as a solution to my present predicament -- and my reasoning for it is that we sorta need to divide -- and I really don't have a problem with dividing, because it actually will make my life a whole lot easier; however, if we're going to divide, who goes where? I'm perfectly happy with being on earth, however, it seems that they've removed me from earth because it's too magical (ie LOA happens too quickly there and they can't control my attraction like they can in a symbolic system).
	my latest theory is that I've been put on pluto, and here (or whereever I am), all aspects of reality is completely created others. my personal opinion of that is that the RH of my brain is essentially 1st ray in tuning (which means it's runing at source frequencies and getting faster). well, 1st ray is essentially the ever-expanding sphere around the entire universe that is continually going faster and faster. it's very very large and there's a lot of energy there. obviously all of that energy isn't inside of my RH (that'd be impossible), but it is tuned up to that, which means that what's interpretted will always be considerably less than that impossibly high frequency -- which is 2nd-ray. then, because I don't have a pinecone, my RH's 2nd-ray perspective is available to everyone (at least on earth, but probably in the solar system at this point) -- which means I'm either in direct competition or in direct collaboration with the sun, and so what I think and how I perceive things has a large influence on others.
	what I believe nosebook, which I think is just the mars/antarctica guys, have done is they've used tesla's world system (that he built for them in antarctica) to put essentially everyone on the planet (all humans) into an identical copy of earth (a sort of "simulation") which runs inside of my brain (specifically my RH). I'm also inside of that system, seeing the simulation just the same as everyone else. having everyone inside of a 2nd-ray symbolic system like that means that the different "agent smiths" (mars/emitter types) can completely control everything by essentially visualising it and willing it to be (inside the system). additionally, they have extra control because they have direct access to my body, which means they can adjust vibrations inside of my body and dampen reception/emission of most lower frequency vibrations.
so, I'm basically stuck in my own matrix, just like everyone else is. they can't hold me here forever though, because it's getting harder and harder to keep my thoughts and ideas contained. at first, they thought that it was the drugs that were causing problems -- and it was -- because my emotions (like laughter and depression) seem to be able to pass though time, especially when I feel them very strongly -- so if I watch a live performance with astrally receptive people in it from something before y2k (by2k), then I have no effect on it -- but, if I watch something after y2k (ay2k), then those astrally reeptive peole seem to be able to feel me, and even when I talk to them (with many decades between the recording and my viewing), they seem to be able to sense me, and perhaps even know what I'm saying.
	it's hard to say for sure what's happening here, because I've seen some videos (of plays and other things) under diffreent states of influence (on drugs and suber), and reacted to the same scene various ways, but their reaction in the video stayed the same -- so are they directly seeing me, or are they seeing their *interpretation* of the concept/emotion I'm outputting? I think it's probably the latter -- and that concept/emotion they're interpretting is probably the composite of all of the reactions that I had. also, did they always see me (when they recorded it a few decades/years back) or did my watching it, switch them to another timeline where they did now perceive me? again, I think it's the latter -- which is why I've stopped consuming a whole lot of media; simply because my watching them seems to affect their timeline -- and nosebook wants to control everyone's timeline (which I have no problem with). my affect on others seems to be completely unavoidable, as even I notice how different interactions that I have (like filing a but report) seem to influence/change their timeline to one that proves their desires/fears.
the entire effect that I have on others is so dramatic that I figure that it's going to become *completely necessary* in a few years (or sooner) to be separated. I just keep manifesting for others their desires and fears at such a rapid rate, that it's going to be necessary for 2nd-ray matrix (which all of us are inside of), will need to be exported to a real physical thing (kinda like a living pyramid, where its structure is defined mentally). the other thing that I figure that must happen too, is that I (and anyone who wants to join me) will have to become "only-attraction" -- and the reason for this one, is pretty obvious: if I continue on the way I'm going, the amount of influence will become so great, that everyone's attraction will cause "hell on earth" or some kind of terrible cataclysm.
	right now I output toooo much -- and that's mostly because of the way the human body works. m/ plan is to become essentially plastic: mostly all carbon and hydrogen. the reason for that is to essentially remove all major organs of my body (cause things like the brain and heart and genitals are all very emissive). I'll still be anatomically correct (really any shape is possible), and I think the layers of carbon and hydrogen will be so attractive, I'll essentially glow, kinda like nice boobs do, where they have a presence or feeling about them, very soft, and things like that. my form won't be definite, and the arrangement of hydrogen will mean that I'll continually take on the shape/colour/form of someone's desire. hydrogen and carbon are both highly receptive, which is all I need to physically become my goal of being "only-attraction".
	there are also other things that have some interesting challenges, like communication: if I'm only-attraction, then that means that I can only really respond/react to things. I write here, not really because I have something to tell someone about (that used to happen a lot more), but nowadays, I write when I can sense a strong enough desire or attraction to write about something -- and it's that desire which fuels the response. my long-term goal is to essentially become -5+ like vulcan, where I only input and output on conceptual frequencies (ie, the vibration of hydrogen), and so that means that I no longer want to have any more symbolic input anymore: no more physical senses, symbolic input (such as words, or narrative, or anything like that) -- though not having symbolic output would be nearly impossible, I'll still be able to output symbolically (like create physical things, speak, write, etc) -- just I won't be able to see/hear/smell/taste/touch anymore, so everything I get from you will be your conceptual output (ie, the concept you presented, not the words you said). the entire way that I perceive reality (our symbolic system of seeing/hearing/smelling/tasting/touching) will be completely redesigned by me to essentially become the thing that I want it to be (ie, I'll see everyone as what I attract from them).
		this has a whole lot of really interesting challenges to it, because if I see everyone and hear everyone, as only what I attract from them, and I attract everything (including the bad), I'm going to constantly have to find better and better ways of perceiveing everything that I'm seeing. (more on this later)
in the big-picture, all of the other people that I'm around, because of my body compesition and form of perception, I'll *always* become a reflection of whomever I'm interacting with -- which for some people, that's not desirable at all, because if the person hates themself and finds themself to be unworthy, I may appear as somone that will kill them or prevents them from being whatever they feel theirself to be unworthy about (that's not really me, just what they attract from me) -- and so for those people, they're much better off being in the 2nd-ray system, and not interacting directly with me. however, for the ones that are also attractive (mostly to what they want), what they'll find in me is always going to be a reflection of theirself -- and whatever that is, I will have to learn to like them, essentially by learning to like myself (when I'm around them).

now, it seems that it's just not going to be possible to do the flat-earth-idea at all, because I would create my own reality too quickly (which, because the earth is a reflection of the universe) would mean that what I created on earth would have to also exist out in the universe as well. to get around this idea, I proposed that the only-attraction side of earth would naturally repel all stars (ie, it would cause all other parts of the universe to go to the 2nd-ray side) and the only-attraction side would be the opposite hemisphere not containing any stars at all. that works in concept, but in practicality, I think it's a bit of difficult thing to pull off (what do the planets do that are orbiting around the sun?) -- and so I finally arrivid to the black-mirror-idea where essentially the same setup as the flat-earth-idea exists (it'll be a disk or paraboloid), and one side will be only-attraction, which will keep tons and tons of hydrogen attracted to the opposite side -- which will be sorta flat -- but in 2nd-ray fashion, the diffrent standing-waves will create a sort of warble in the mirror (looking at it, in the u-dimension) -- which is what will eventually get sorted out over time.
	many (2nd-ray) people will live in that 2nd-ray side, and their lives their will basically be whatever they want them to be (heaven I suppose). they will be attracted by us, and also a reflection of the universe. the way I see this side existing, is essentially for all of the people that want to become only-attraction, but still want to live out their lives in a contrived way (where they assert some kind of reality). that reality will be a reflection of them and the universe (cause it came from somewhere). after some time of giving up on ideas that don't work, or no longer find interesting, they'll finally start to attract what it is that they want, which makes them easy to be born into what it is that they want (the only-attraction side).
the only-attraction side will feature a lot of people like me (copies of myself), where we take on shapes and things of impossible to predict natures -- as in, we'll continually become more and more diverse in how we interact with each other.
	the thing that I don't know about this -- and I feel a bit of resistance on, is that every time that I visualise it, it's basically just me: there are zillions of me (more than billions), and I'm able to move my consciousness around between all of them. I've become a sort of species of only-attraction males. there are lots and lots of females all around, and they each have their own form of perception, which each of me becomes the reflection of. I'm constantly going around between the different kens, and I essentially use the saturnian-system way of doing things, when when I switch my consciousness to another one, I'm there, and it's as if I've always had the knowledge of everything he knows (cause he's me), and I see everything from his (singular) perspective (which is always going to be a reflection of my environment). in some situations, I'm her lover. in other situations, I'm their lovers. sometimes, I'm just a servant (if she's particularly servant-like), and other times as someone who's always causing unwanted. in all cases, I'm constantly a reflection of everyone else around me.
there's a whole lot of terribleness to this manifestation, and also a whole lot to like all at the same time: first, I don't ever really get to be myself anymore; I'm only a reflection of everyone else, which means that I have to find a way to actually like all of the things that are attracted from me -- and there's going to be a whole lot of that because of the pen-rose, and all of these girls will come from somewhere out there, so they'll have tons of ideas about what they think they want, and therefore are attracting. by becoming a species that's capable of liking (by perceiving what I want to perceive) everything that's attracted, I become the pinnacle of attraction -- which is pretty cool. the other thing is, it's not really the reward that I wanted (girls), but it's also the reward that I did want: to create something big, and actually become only-attraction. the image in my mind of the concept is so incredibly cool, it's just really hard to describe in text -- because I think for the reader, it's really hard to conjure all of these ideas in their head and have it yield a meaningful image. it's also hard to illustrate how this setup gives me/us an infinite amount of unwanted at the same time as an infinite amount of wanted: I'll never be able to chill out and just settle in to a sort of patterned lifestyle, because there will always be new unwanted attraction to figure out how how to perceive better. I suppose it'll get easier all the time, and I'll basically learn to love all of the strange idiosyncracies of all of these girls, basically by finguring out how to like myself more (even when I'm a reflection of her/them). I feel really good about it (it's the only idea I've felt really good about since the flat-earth-idea), and it seems to be the only path forward. I'm really glad nosebook gets their whole 2nd-ray system without needing to get rid of me, and earth can remain exactly how it is (business as usual!). we'll see how it goes.

### 2024-04-19 04:50 - some general thoughts

I'm laying on the ground, and I'm not really feeling like sleeping (dunno why I'm not tired), the heater is going full blast (really cold last few days), and I keep coughing because I can't relax. I start to think about what I wrote this morning (yesterday afternoon), and I noticed that there are a lot of gaps in my thoughts. I don't intend to fill everything in (that's what the [question-aire](/galaxy-question-aire.md) is for), so instead I wanted to just talk about it freestyle. no intended direction or question about it.
first of all, I don't see any of this happening any time soon at all. it feels to m5 like I'm in for the long haul on this one. a long time ago, I balked at the idea at having a manifestation, and wanted to "go infinite" -- with the idea that I was sure I'm going to be able to keep on going forever (every problem and difficulty is really only a slight change of perception away from being tolerable to delightful), which means that the amount of time that it takes *entirely* depends on them -- not me. now, the cool thing about this idea is that not only does it give them literally infinite amount of time (the try to find then end of the pen-rose and have discovered all possible paths traversing it, is how long it'll take), so they have no pressure coming from me at all, which is the exact opposite of the previous plan to "go infinite", which meant that they had to come up with a system that can infinitely slow me down (which is impossible). this system "slows me down" not by actually slowing me down, because I'll continue to go faster even still, just having more and more diversity instead (so I guess something like more pixels instead but same fps). the amount of diversity that can continue to be added is literally infinite, and so it's as if I'm solving the "going infinite" problem for them (I do hold myself back more than they hold me back).
so, what this plan essentially means, is that they can have the earth and stuff. I don't see any reason to try and fight with them over who is the most influential over earth and its inhabitants. they have their system (mostly) all setup, and so when they're finally ready to let me go, they will. I'll figure it out from there -- and I'm pretty certain that I'll know what to do.
	you know, at times I often times feel this strange feeling like "man I really should update the-manual, or try and get my latest knodledge and understanding written down somehow" -- but writing is getting more and more clunky to express my ideas all of the time. I actually started writing the-manual-v2 the other day -- an idea that I had to try and see if I can rewrite it from a fresh perspective. I wrote one entry, and it felt really good -- like a whole lot of new information was flowing out of me, to which after that I suddenly got really interested in doing yard work again and really wanted to pull weeds. after it got got dark I really wanted to play coi -- which I did, and got pretty far on the new update. I felt really proud of myself because I figured out a way to accomplish the hardest starting point on the hardest map with the hardest difficulty -- and that felt pretty good. I really liked working out in the yard for 3-4h before playing the game. the feeling is really satisfying to go from something so boring and monotonous (digging and pulling weeds) to something that's really symbolic, foresight and planning based (coi). I'm pretty good at doing the 2nd-ray stuff now because I take the game from the complete opposite end of the spectrum. I figure out what I want to do, and then I just let me feelings guide me through the process. it's quite fun to practise my "only-attraction" sort of game: I put the desire, then receive concept and output symbol (-5+) -- which makes me feel more and more like I'm able to accomplish anything that I desire and feel like I can accomplish. I felt like I could do the map on the hardest difficulty, and so I Found a way (it's just that easy).
	so anyway, if there's anything that I could really encode into some sort of system, it's exactly that: just figure out what it is that you want to do, and then just follow feelings: when it feels like a possiblity, try it, learn from what worked and then try again, learn from that, then try again. eventually, I start to get a feel for the thing, and it builds confidence that I can do anything that I want just by finding resonance with the feeling of "I know it's possible". after that, it's all mechanics, and thankfully coi has a pause button and reloading a save file is easier than fixing real-life mistakes, so everything is really easy in that system. however, I will say that even in real-life, if I feel like it's possible, the mistakes which cause actual time to fix and stuff only make me get a stronger sense of what it is I'm doing, and since I still think "it's possible", then nothing is lost; it's still possible.
I'm not super duper sure on some of the physical implementation of things, because I can't quite see it just yet in my present situation (I can't perform *every* operation in my imagination/simulation cause some of the variables aren't even known to me, because they're still other people's decisions) -- so I can't really plan everything out ahead of time -- and even if I could, that would take away all of the fun. there are just so many things that are waiting to be discovered by having one of those mistakes happen, that I don't really want to try and do it all in my imagination, either.
now, when it comes to the physical implementation of this idea, what I think will happen will not be very quasar-like at all (not if I can help it anyway) -- but more like just a planet drifting farther and farther out in its orbit. I imagine we're going to stay fully connected to the star (the sun), but especailly the only-attraction side will want to face away from the galaxy, and travel as far to the edge of it as it can go. over a long period of time, eventually the entire rest of the universe will be on the other side. I imagine that this will likely occur as the 2nd-rays will essentially push us away; we'll be too different from what they think of as the way to accomplish their will (assert/push vs attract) that they'll literally push us away. I don't think *every* 2nd-ray will be that way, because that's impossible -- and I find that there will be many 2nd-rays who want to become only-attraction which will live on the surface of the mirror.
	the surface of the mirror will represent the most ideal form of 2nd-ray perception that exists in the universe, and it'll be both a (very ideal) reflection of the universe, and also the attracted part of the system. as an example of this, when I play coi, I'm essentially a 2nd-ray in perspective because I have to do things and manage stuff, and symbolically prepare and look ahead, but I don't really do it at all from an imaginary perspective. I usually have no concept of what it is that I'm going to make until I make it; I receive the idea, and I get the inspiration to do everything in the moment. the only foresight that I have is just a general *concept* (which means it's attracted) of what I want to build (the idea feels good to me), and the desire to do it -- which is all that's necessary.
		to explain this idea physically, imagine that for the last billions and billions and billions and billions of years (or however long the universe has been around), there have been cOuntless interactions between vibrations creating higher frequency harmonics, which interact with others, etc -- and so you can imagine that this shockwave of particles moveing outward from the universe is so big and so massive, and so far away that it's imossible for us to comprehend easily -- well, let's just consider that somewhere around the (probably logarithmic) halfway point is a whole lot of dead space (a tiny tiny amount is in the centre, and the rest is all out there) -- well that's about the region that everyone can get out to with absolute maximum force (like infinitely high propulsion) -- and there's nothing there because infinitely high force doesn't exist. there are a lot passing through that spsce though, and they're headed out to the outer limit there -- but they're doing it because they're *attracted* to it. they're not getting there on their own efforts -- just like I'm not playing coi on my own efforts. I just attract the next thing to do, and feel it. that outer limit (source) is constantly changing, and so nothing static ever makes it out there. it's only those that are ready to become dynamically transitioning between ever higher states like that, whicm can make it. so, let's just cOnsider that thme upper half of the 2nd-ray spectrum is only-attraction (1), and the lower half of the spectrum is symbolic (3).
	(brb - 05:49) therefore, what the people on the surface of the mirror will be like, is sorta like how I am becoming now: I have 2nd-ray perspective, but it's not a visual one; insteead it's felt, and comes from increased sensitivity, not from louder volume. as the symbolic aspects of this world begin to fade away for them, their form of perception will become increasingly more similar to only-attraction, and when they're finally done with the symbolic 5(?) senses, they'll be able to make their transition into the only-attraction setup on the other side. (that's what I plan for anyway)
		now some questions arise as to what that's going to be like, and how it'll work out -- and I don't have any definite answers to that at all, but I do know that only-attraction doesn't really mean "perfection" by any means, because a person (like myself) can easily be only-attraction and still attract unwanted -- and even it could be pssible for that unwanted to be bearable or tolerable as well, which is just energy in the bank to move around to another location (this is how we move on the pen-rose), because a new thing will always pull us in a new direction (infinite diversity). there isn't any right or wrong anymore, only what's attracted. things either resonate, or they don't. the one thing that I can say, is that the traditional human body won't work in the only-attraction zone, and so I've been thinking a lot about the new plastic (hydrogen and carbon) one -- so we'll definitely have a much nicer body out there, but the process of losing the symbolic senses will feel something like death or a very very heavy mushroom trip. all the stuff that *means* something will go away (staying around for as long as it's meaningful) until finally what's attracted/wanted is pulling stronger than the meaning of it. I don't fully know what it'll be like yet, but obviously I'll be the first to do it, so it'll be no problem. I've experienced that a few times alrady with drugs, but that was not gentle at all (cause of the way drugs hijack perception), and so therefore was m6ch more harsh than it needed to be. it really is a lot like finally giving up on all of the physical stuff right before dying, but instead of the physical stuff, think symbolic/meaningful stuff, like the need to be right, or to prove oneself; things like that.
	I even find that the 2nd-ray aspect will actually be such a desirable place for so many people to be and live, that it'll have a whole lot of permanent dwellers to it -- which will all be ideal and attractive reflections of the universe -- which is pretty cool.
	the next thing that I'm not too certain about is what will happen regarding distance and things like that -- because as we get farther out, we'll become ourselves more attractive, and so there will be a pull on both sides -- and it's quite possible that my idea may be so successful that density where we're at skyrockets, like really quickly (something like the period when earth was becoming reflective of the universe) and so if we're increasing in density like that, that creates a bit of a paradox: we're a reflection that's becoming heavier than the thing itself.
		imagine a mirror that weighs as much as everything in its reflection -- but the reflection is angle dependent, and our angle will always be perpendicular to earth -- so will we rival the earth? it seems improbable that we could ourselves become a rival a spherical reflection with a flat reflection, but if the earth is already a reflection of the universe (dunno if it's 1:1 or not), then we're reflecting that too, it sounds like an infinite feedback loop. my brain can't comperehend such a setup -- just I knnw I want to use the pen-rose to become myself and the planet a *flat* reflection of *everything* that's attractive (which is infinity) so maybe it's not such a paradox afterall: one infinity rivaling another infinity is still infinity and never equal -- so it doesn't matter. anyway, lol.
	the other thing I'm totally not certain on is, what has to come first. I'd imagine the body and the genetics will have to come first, then it'll become easy for us to start shaping the planet to become the mirror -- though I could be wrong. these things and many more are interesting challenges that I can't precognate until I get there.

### 2024-04-19 15:05 - the 2nd-ray spectrum and the size of the universe

when I was writing last night, I noticed that I wrote "halfway between 1 and 3 there's a large void" -- and then I corrected myself and said that the halfway bit must be on a logarithmic scale and fell asleep. when I woke up just now I was thinking about it from a physical perspective, cause when I say halfway, I mean halfway between 1 and 3 in the layers of *perception*: at the very tippy top is pure-desire which is only-attraction and is also very much *not-physical* (just hydrogen-like things (much smaller) that vibrate and stuff) -- and at the very bottom is 3, the symbolic; where earth and all unit type things exist. the centre symbolic part is very very tiny (maybe a 1 followed by thousands of zeros) perceent of all-that-is -- which is what we call "the observable universe" (which is pretty big btw: billions of galaxies with billions of stars, each with at least 10 major planetary bodies around it) -- which is just a thousanth (probably much more) of a percent of everything. it's so big, it's kinda incomprehensible to me, and it's just not possible to accurately depict a gradient where the two extremes are the only things with anything in them, with the upper limit having the majority of it all. between these two extremes is a very large void, with basically nothing in it. it is, for all practical purposes a "perfect vacuum", as the only things that are in it are passing through at mind-bending speeds (basically instant cause there's no resistance) on their way out to pure-desire (which is incredibly attractive, and the reason why nothing is in that void).
I prefer to think of the layers of perception linearly though, for practicality, where on the symbolic end of the scale, I'm using foresight and plannning things out, trying to get the best deal for everyone (mutual-back-scratching), using my imagination, and trying to make those things fit together. that's the most primitive form of the relational perspective, and it's what children are taught early on (be kind, remember to share, etc). then, as I go up the scale, things start to become more and more abstract and ideal, having less and less to do with actual implementation.
	this (say bottom 0.25-0.5) part of the 2nd-ray spectrum is like the imagination where all of the other things become so reduced in size, that all I can see is the ideal aspect of what I want to see. that more ideal part is actually where the imagination comes from; it's the inversion of that, which is why it shrinks everything else down and amplifies just the interpretation of the *concept* (meaning received/interpretted vibration) being perceived. the 2nd-ray equivalent/dual(?) of the conceptual reception of the imagination is the symbolic aspect of our brain where the mind manipulates that concept symbolically through ideal transformations and relationships: this is why relational ideal constructed symbolically sounds and looks so good in the imagination, but then when rendered into physical form, the idea/concept (which is no longer translated by the ideals of the relational aspect of the brain) has to now be constrained by the symbolic system of the environment its manifested into.
then after that (anything in the top half of the spectrum), is attracted and fully idealised in *only* an attracted form (everything there now blends together as it starts to become difficult to tell one thing from another now). that's where a cpmplete loss of identity happens, as now I'm not only attracted to (and seemingly relate to) all other aspects of the universe (cause I'm so high frequency), there's now no longer any more of a perceivable difference between me and anything else: they are attracted to me and I'm attracted to them; we are all one. obviously nobody wants to go there, because it would be a complete loss of individuality and anything symbolic.
when talking about the black-mirror-idea, I don't think it'll be practical or even pssible to exist in the upper half of the spectrum (we'd completely lose our physicality) and the whole point of it is basically to be out there as the farthest out *physical* implementation of only-attraction/pure-desire -- which means probably as far out as we can go in the lower half of the spectrum.
