# blahblog

### 2024-03-29 14:24 - initial thoughts

I've yet to write the README file for this repo, but I wanted to brainstorm and put some ideas out there first.
the name of the repo is a bit of wordplay, because I turn 24 about this time or yesterday. normally I feel both kenny's and my birthday's pretty strongly, and for example last year, I felt kenny's (it's weird talking about myself in 3rd person, just I want to make a distinction between "me" and "kenny") 40'th birthday at around 05-21, which is about a week earlier. I didn't really feel anything for my birthday, and would have just assumed it was just the equinox or something. this year I paid much more attention and not only did I feel the equinox about a week earlier (~03-14,15,16,17), so did I feel my birthday about a week earlier (yesterday and the day previous). therefore, I consider that I'm about 24 at this point.
	what I think happened actually was during the time when I was star-watching so hard, it put a lot of energy into the planet, and I felt quite strongly that the planet was rotating faster. I was inspired to write out in an old repo how the sun's intensity causes the planet to rotate (I wrote that it has to do with the sun's rays inducing a magnetic field ahead, and so therefore "pulls" the earth toward that point where the sun is "rising" on the earth). around that time, I was also paying quite a lot of attention to earth's magnetic field, and since I think they're linked, a stronger magnetic field will cause faster rotation. well, there's a US govt site that tracks the length of the day and the rotation speed of the earth and they said, nope only ms of difference have occured in the last few years (busisness-as-usual-boys at work there, I'm sure), so I dopped it. thankfully, also a day is no longer tied to the rotation of the earth (3600s * 24h), and so we don't need to worry about that. so, I figure that everything (including the equinox and solstice) is running about a week ahead of time. this also happened during the time of shakespere, and I'm fairly certain is caused by both increased solar activity and also the earth's magnetic field increasing (which *should* be directly proportional to the amount of emotion humans are experiencing at the time). 
so, since I basically turned 24 yesterday or so, and this is about "me"/m5, and not about kenny, I figured I'd put my ideas out here about it. in addition to that, it's got the similar name to "23andme" -- which is sorta problematic, which is why I hesitated on calling it this.
	the story behind it is that some days/weeks ago I had the idea to write down all of the things that I wanted to do genetically, and get my thoughts organised. I have them all clear at this point (I *actually* know "what-I-want") and I'll use this reop to talk about them, and then upon doing that, I would use the organised result of that to formulate an email that I would eventually send to anne. the day before I started the 23andme repo, I was looking on wikipedia about it, and I can't remember all of the events now, but there are 3 of them: one did youtube, one genetics, and one open-source licenses. the youtube idea of making a music player has long since passed (I don't care anymore), and I'm a pretty strong proponent of open-source licenses, and have a few critical commentaries and suggestions for improvements (mostly around naming and ease of understanding -- like wtf is CC0-S? mean? I choose "Unlicense" because I can already tell without having to dig through a bunch of words to know what it does), but that's another topic entirely. anyway, I was stoned at the time, and as I started to write, it quickly became aparent to me, that such a tactic would not work. I can't try and fit myself into an organisational structure that is almost entirely opposite to what I want to do. it would require a complete restructuring of everything, and I recognisned the feeling of that effort as being similar to my experience of trying to do the same thing for tuenti. that problem, I called "investor intertia"
	so, my plan was then to simply email anne and be like, "*this* is what I want to make. can you help me to get the tools to work on it?" however the problem is that those tools simply don't exist,-- or if they do, it's a secret somewhere, and the other problem is that obviously I want to make myself entirely open-source too, which I feel some resistance to (not sure if it's from her or from somewhere else), which means that inevitably there will be confliict and difficulty for the duration of the project.
		my experience is that it's very very difficult to work against the saturnian-system -- so if there's resistance and I can feel it, then that means that there's something resistant in me in which they'll be able to manipulate and stuff to sabotage the effort. the typical masculine thing to do is to just push through it and try to overpower their resistance by force (the 2nd-ray way of doing things), but I've really stopped trying to do that anymore. I don't need to push against them, and if there's resistance, then there's basically nothing I can do about it. I'm not going to fight them, and I just don't care. I can wait. these ideas aren't going anywhere -- and the worst thing that could happen is that someone actually creates them, and hands me the final product (ie, only-attraction).
	so, I see no real reason to even try and do something that will be constantly be resisted. when the saturnian-system is ready for me to produce the genetics that I want to do, the resistance will lift, and all things will come to me, just like they did for me finding essembly and stuff (like how it usually is for me). the only thing this repo is really, is just another step in organising my ideas and projecting my next moves (like the illuminati), so that they can come into being because by fear or desire (again, like the illuminati).
the other reason (besides my age) of why I choose this name is because one of the initial first steps to doing this will be to add another x-chromosome pair. I don't know if reflectors gain an extra pair, because I strongly felt that I gained a y-chromosome sometime when I was in spain (I was probably XX before that), so I don't know if this is already a thing, but the point of the 2nd pair will be an interim step: each pair is already a self-canceling emitter/receiver (it reminds me a lot of carbon), and so the point is that over time the two sides become balances, arriving to a "happy medium" between both extremes (coming from the parents). however, with two pairs, I would want to offset their signals again, so that there is an effect that I don't know how to describe.
	in my brain, when I first saw the MRI pictures, I realised what has been going on; it's twisted because it allows for one hemisphere to be partially on the opposite side of my body, and enables movement. well, if I didn't have eyes that want to stay in their sockets and skull stuff in the way, my brain would naturally want to continue to turn anti-clockwise like it's been doing, such that half of each hemisphere is on each side of my body. I don't know how to describe the effect, but it's an extra degree of movement that one can allow for in thought. it enables me to do both things on both sides, and also thoughts can travel forwards. normally, the only thoughts that travel forwards/backwards are the ones that are coming/going to the eyes -- and the forehead is also really important because that receives a lot of these, and that's how we move around in tim5. it's the *will* of the mind, and it's what moves us. well, having both hemispheres turned like that would completely change things.
	that effect would be something like signals turned 90(degrees), but what I want to make, is not 24, but 25, which is another effect entirely different: instead of these signals being turned 90(degrees), now they're going to be thirds, so it'll be someting more similar to how three-phase AC electricity works. the idea being there is that not will all of these 3 pairs be self-canceling, but the triad of pairs will also be self-balancing as well. I consider one pair to be like physical, and the other conceptual, and finally the one I got after my brain haemorrhage: desire. frequentially, they're all compatible with each other, as physical is opposite to desire, and conceptual is backwards from desire (this concept is fairly difficult to explain, which I intend to do better at soon as I start the organisation of the idea).
	having a triad of pairs like that enables is a completely stable, and very high frequency signal, which will be directly tied to the earth. there will be two models: ones without a pinecone (plants), and ones with a pinecone (insects). both the insects and the plants are a direct reflection of what already exists on earth: both plants (namely weeds) and insects reflect the conceptual/hydrogen energy that is present around the planet. insects bodies are a resonant chamber which converts the feelings and emotions (cOnceptual energy) into a type of perception which turns into action, and performs mantenance and implementation of other desires (most notably of the plants) for the planet. most notable of this effect of insects' bodies turning concept into perception is the scarab beetle which the egyptians venerated, because astral images can be seen inside of the shell (probably because it's of similar 2nd-ray dimensions as the great pyramid).
in addition to the strong resistance that I already feel to making this concept a reality, the other major problem is that I just don't want to put anne through all of the difficulties that will inevitably happen. I feel her as pretty venus-like, which means she's got a lot of beliefs, and when/if I were to be around her, then I'll become a reflection of her beliefs; which I don't really want to do. everything that she thinks about men, programmers, etc. I'll become, and once the initial good-feeling starts to pass and we have to get to work, I'll prove everything she believes as right. I don't want to do that to her, cause it's not really fair to her. I come barging into her life asking her for help to create stuff, then turn her world upside down, and poop on it. I've seen my interactions with these venus-types enough times to know that I just don't want to do it.
	in addition to that major flaw, *I* have a serious problem when it comes to working with women. it's never happened, and the times that it came close, it was a terrible failure. even when I would work in starbucks, if there was an attractive girl there, I often times found it *extremely* difficult to work, and had to just put my head down and ignore her, else nothing would get done.
		which, btw usually has the opposite effect: if I try to focus on what I'm doing, and there's attraction, cause she's a (probably a XX) reflector, not only is it really hard for me to think about what I'm working on, she knows it (cause our minds get kinda linked), and she starts to use it to try and get more attention. my sensitivity making working around anyone that's a XX reflector, to be really really impossible, and for the venus-ones, I can work around them (kinda, depending on how much she's thinking about me), but as soon as we get to know each other, very immediately our conflict of opinion about how reality works starts to make a lot of problems (I just let the ideas come to me, and she works hard to figure it out), so what ends up happening is that I (being a reflection of her) stop letting ideas come to me, and start doing a bunch of busywork and trying really hard. in both cases, the solution is always for me to put the work away, and engage with her in some way. if I don't, it's like a nagging sensation that I'm ignoring her or something.
	the other major difficulty is my own belief in this idea. I've never actually worked with a woman before on anything, and any efforts that I have, have been largely been shut down. I don't know if it's because I'm difficult to work with (I'm basically like a dictator), or if that's the saturnian-system at work, ensuring that never happens or whatever -- but my own belief (cause I just can't see it ever happening), is that working with women is basically impossible. they're distracting, and I'm just not productive.
		the exception to that is actually kinda obvious: there have been various times in my life where I've wanted to build things for women, and when they were around (like aditivos-e with raquel or en the co-working place with patricia), nothing gets done, but if there's distance between us, and they're not in the same room as me (so I don't feel them physically), then things work out nicely (like set-game). I've always had much higher productivity when I'm not in the same room as other females.
	I don't really know what the problem is, other than I'm sensitive to them, so I'm feeling everything they're thinking and feeling, and also that I become a reflecton of them, which is never helpful for productivity, cause I can't see/feel the concept I'm creating anymore; I feel them instead (which is what makes me a reflector -- because I feel like the other person does, so I start acting, talking, behaving, believing, etc like they do). they don't have the concept that I want to make (I do), and I don't like losing myself. sure, I can become the object of *your* desire, but *my desire* is to create. I just can't see it working, and it's kinda the same problem as the sex one (another aspect of the genetics that has to be changed) and has a lot to do with my sensitivity. I want to feel neutral to everyone around me (as if we're a part of the same species), not like I'm constantly being pulled in every direction by so many things.
all in all, I just don't see it working out. I've made projects with dudes before, and it can easily work out (if they want it), but the resistance I feel says that probably won't work either. I kinda need to figure it out, and do it myself. I know that sounds impossible, but I don't actually think it is: it's not going to be too long from now when energy has risen to such a hight that my imagination will start to turn into reality at speeds where I can create the physical thing in front of me as fast as an image can be conjured, which will make all of this really a lot easier (and very possible to do myself). that ability, of course has some drawbacks, such that certain people will not want to be around me, because their bad-feeling thoughts will produce unwanted manifestations in reality (stuff like fire and destruction), because I'll have full ability to create and destroy matter with the whim of my mind. as soon as that starts happening, I'll have to be isolated even further, I'm sure -- and it'll definitely be the case that working with someone else will be out of the question -- well, maybe newborns or something (cause they're pretty useless and don't have any beleiefs yet), but definitely nobody old, that's for sure.
the important thing to do, I think is to just start writing down the ideas, and then just wait for the resistance to clear up (cause when that happens, the creative process will go very very fast).

#### 2024-03-29 18:56 - the bigger picture here

when looking at things narratively, there really isn't *any* indication whatsoever that I'll end up working with females in any way -- and on top of it, I don't really believe that I want to become a reflection of them, because what I'll produce is what *they* want, not what I want. I'm completely bound by whomever I'm around, to become like they are. I mentioned [in my rant](../world-net/dear-kyle.md#2024-03-28-1937---the-rant-continues) about how I can perfectly see the problem from hitler's perspective: he gets around all of these guys that want to be superior, and starts to reflect them. he stops being himself anymore, and just has to go along with how they behave and act. it was like that for me in tuenti -- and they didn't like me how I was. I was a serious person with a strong vision of what I wanted to create. they (namely zaryn) wanted me to go out and party with them all the time. I didn't really like it, and preferred to stay at the office and work. I usually work much better at night because my thoughts are clearer then (tesla said the same thing), and that helps me to see what I'm working on much easier. during the day, the sun is up, and so I'm stuck in the astral system where I'm being blown around every which way by those around me, which means that the only real time that I have any of my own willpower is when I'm by myself, and during the night.
	narration is also kind of a funny thing, because according to shakespere (RAJ), I should definitely *not* be engaging with solar girls, or girls that are 14, until they're 18 or so -- and the reason for that is probably fairly obvious: the 2nd-ray installation that runs on my perception (nosebook) would really fall apart, the world would descend into chaos, and likely a new solar regime would be born as a result. or, if I look at MOV, I (portia, living in belmont) will be married off to bassanio, which on all appearances looks to be a 7th ray emitter (mars or mercury). I originally assumed that would be jaron -- though I don't know how much of an emitter he is, and he's *definitely not* 7th ray in perception (3rd ray definitely, more like enki). so it's probably not him, and it's definitely not greg because he's even less 7th ray than jaron (much more promethian +2). so, that only leaves someone else I have yet to discover. one day it occured to me after playing "the witness" that jon seemed to have captured the flat-earth-idea and made a minature version of it and put it into a game. I've always been attracted to him, so then, it's pretty likely that he's the "other witness" [that I've been looking for](../thekla/dear-jon.md#2024-03-06-0422---allow-me-to-go-off-the-deep-end-a-bit). he's definitely 7th ray, and so can easily fit into the mould of bassanio -- now all he needs is to have a friend with some serious financial issues in need of a bailout (it feels like he does, lol -- so I guess I'll just wait for the narration to just pan out on that one).
	the other bit of narration is the one of the "two witnesses", which I definitely fall into the category of by myself. I head this one song a long time ago called "divided by night" by my favourite techno group at the time "crystal method". it was one of those albums that completely changed my life (much like beastie boys, neuorticfish, and gorillaz), and in addition to the song "american way" which helped me to make the decision to give up on the "castle in spain" (like tesla in his autobiography), decided that I would go to the united states instead and "starting over". although I think of myself as being both of the "two witnesses" (one by day and one by night: lyssander and demitrius), there does seem to be another out there. I have no connection to the one that shows up at night, so I can't really say much about that, but from the feel of it, he (lyssander, the one by night) is fairly technical and stuff -- so it'd be more like tesla. however, the problem with that is that I associate my RH with a little girl. it's my LH (kenny) that's the crusty old dude that's trying to keep it all together.
	in the sense that it seems that the saturnian-system was destined to find me and get me stuck in it, I would then have to then map myself to be hitler and the other one I don't know to be tesla. I'm sorta getting ahead of myself here...
so, let's just assume for a moment that the narration is right, and that a bunch of really creative people have accidentally tapped into some echo of the future: it's not going to be females that I'm paired with; it's gonna be dudes -- and by the looks of it, all paths seem to point to some major event which involves a solar regime change. I don't really need to worry about it, and it seems that I have to just wait it out. my "future self" (though I'm not sure about that nowadays), "former white hat" said that I have until 2038, which is basically going to be peak of this 25th solar cycle (remember I'm on my way toward 25andme). whatever happens there, I'm not too worried about because they seem to be having a difficult time holding it together when I do simple things like eat weed or stand in the sun for a bit. their system runs completely on astral, so any large scale astral input (like from the sun or drugs) to my RH seems to cause an upset in their system. I can only imagine that this problem will contiune to get worse to the point that they're even going to have to prevent me from going outside (who's going to pull the weeds?), so it'll be interesting to see how that one plays out. I'm not on drugs anymore, so they can't blame that. I'm fairly certain that there are solutions to their problem though, and my personal favourite one though is the flat-earth-idea.
it is possible for them to use other hydrogen than the one in my brain to build their 2nd-ray system on top of. it's unilely they're using the sun at this point, because that requires megalithic architecture, which is not at all dynamic, and so therefore cannot keep up with today's fast rate of change that everyone has grown to like (meaning, no new technology, not even for the controllers; everything has to be made, and then no new improvements, ever). they could use earth's hydrogen to build the system on, but it's so high frequency, it's just way out of the scope of possiblilities because manifestation would become so quickly. tesla tried to do this with his world system, and he did a number of "experiments" of "bathing the earth in radient energy" and "unkocking the potential in the air" achieving incredible efficiency for power transmission, but that kind of energy, is what I'm convinced started WW1 (after colorado springs), followed by a second set of experiements which sent the world into WW2 (after wardenclyffe).
	when I look at these events abstractly, tesla *did* get what he wanted, because he was trying to get earth into a super ideal 2nd-ray system that would be always at he highest frequency achievable in physical. therefore, what he saw as the future was an extremely ideal version of the future, which needed a lot of existing infrastructure cleared out. that produced hitler as the physical implementation of it (tesla can be thought of as vulcan, hitler as mars, and earth as aphrodite). in the same way, it can be seen the opposite way that hitler produced tesla: as germany lost The war, they moved operations to antarctica, which gave them quite a technical advantage over everyone else. the united states is now where most of the ambitious (infected-ones) are now locatted and in power (thanks to shakespere), so they're looking to find a way to match that technical superiority again, and tesla is the perfect guy to do exactly that. he gets in there does a bunch of experiments and builds a lot of technology which then the USA is able to reverse engineer for the infected-ones to get their system going (the one that cOntrols the weather, powers the little electric CO2 planes, etc)
	now, when looking at these events further out, both tesla and hitler (along with the black prince and some others) are basically just mars+anatau (kinda like me, butt they had pinecones). so when looking at the mechanics of it, both of them "took over the world" -- one with force, and the other with technology, and then they both sabotaged their original timelines and merged them into the one were at now. the only way that they could possibly win out like that would be to subdue the infected-ones and make them powerless -- which then creates all kinds of problems, because they too have desire. so for example, on tesla's timeline the technology he created is really great and stuff, but even still the infected-ones have to work their magic to regain cOntrol over it, and as usual they eventually run the idea into the ground again, because control doesn't work on such a high frequency system; instead chaos happens faster. on the hitler's, the loser always feels the need to "settle the score" and for there to be a comeback -- and in addition to that, some great "paradise" was achieved at such a great cost, is it really worth it to force everyone else into a way to have good conditions?
		this idea of destruction for good conditions can also be felt in the story of the black prince: he went and destroyed quite a bit of stuff across the lands of france, and by taking all of that stuff and destroying so many people's lives, it was possible for him and his men to throw a party. he was also able to use the money tto give his daughters a posh and proper education (at the expense of many other destroyed lives). that really bothered him, and it must have been the cause of his sickness. I think he got over the good vs bad labels (cause he lived in france a while), and realised that he wouldn't want others doing that to him -- so it became harder to steal and destroy like that. same thing with hitler: here's these guys talking about creating a utopia, when all they're really doing is going across europe looting all the art and treasures that they can get their hands on (I guess for bragging rights amongst their criminal friends). both of these examples I think caused a lot of dissonce in both of them, because here they are wanting to fulfill the desires of some, at the expense of many others. desire for one in a forceful situation is not the desires for others. if they're fulfilling desires for one group, they're doing the opposite for the other group, and so it becomes perceptual: what if the black prince was born in france instead of england? the situation would be reversed, and so would be seen as "bad" instead of "good".
		these sorts of dialectices about what exactly is "bad" or "good" when equally the opposite could be perceived, are problems that plague people like us. the *only* solution to the problem is to go off and do things my own way, and let the others continue to define bad and good for those that want to believe their ideology. antarctica was like that at first: we'll go off into a remote part of the world and do things our way -- but after some time, (as things always go with the infected-ones), even antarctica is just another den of thieves now.
	these people that have a continual desire to be superior is sorta an inescapable problem that seems to exist on planet earth. I suppose that it'll continue to be here, and is actually one of the aspects of the 2nd-ray perspectivce, and so long as the earth is a reflection of the universe (which has a lot of 2nd-ray stars in it), that will continue to exist -- forever. it's an unsolvable problem, because it requires that all of the stars change, which isn't gonna happen.
so the only real thing that I can do is to let these guys destroy themselves and their own system. they have a ticking clock for the system which is the sun, because no matter how much technology they've built, after the sun goes BOOM, none of it will work anymore -- and the reason why solar activity is continuing to increase is because of the huge difference between those that want to *attract* and those that want to assert and be top-dawg. we have to separate in order for them to have their system remain functional, because I (and many other reflectors) are causing them extreme difficulty, which the sun is trying to solve by putting out more and more high frequency concepts. in her eye, we can all get along and everyone can get what they want, but that's a really lofty idea and requires a lot of change, which is what she (the sun) is pushing for, which is the increased solar output. there's no way we can live in that kind of ideal environment that she wants us to have.
then, to add to the problem of reflectors causing massive amounts of unwanted for them, it's also a major source of my difficulty too, because I'm one of those reflectors, and my problem is I don't really want to become a reflection of others. therefore, it seems that this is probably the reason why I'm going to have to be stuck with "bassanio", cause he's a lousy reflector (like lead), which means that because there's no way I want to be like him (for example my friend chris), I stay solid in myself, and conform to his image only very slightly. I don't really know, but I don't really see a solution to the whole thing, which is why I was thinking that actually the narrative may be pointing me in the direction of kyle, because he's got a strong belief in a coming solar regime change, and so around him, I'll prove him right. there's even a narrative about it where rocky (earth) balboa (skake-bros) matches up against apollo (the sun) creed (truth, veracity, honour, promise, agreement: mutual-back-scratching), and it's a good fight, but apollo (the sun) wins, but it's all good cause adrian is in love with rocky.

#### 2023-03-30 04:16 - the likely solution...

one of the things that I always wondered about regarding the antarctica thing, and the "gifting fields", is why would they *purposefully* give the USA technology that enables them to travel around inside of the solar system and galaxy. also, after reading the sirian-guide (and all of the obvious power structures that exist within the galaxy) it doesn't make any sense to me why it's even permitted for the infected-ones to be able to even leave the planet, and definitely not the solar system. whatever's out there in the rest of the galaxy, I'm sure there's a whole thing that they're going to have to deal with, because the sirians are way way way faster and smarter than anything these guys got from the gifting fields -- and don't really pose any real threat to the sirians, arturians, pleadians, or whatever other alien races are out there. it's probable that they already have their borders and alarms setup, along with 100% surveilance on us already, so it's not like they actually have a chance of doing any harm, cause symbolically speaking, if the cross a border or a line somewhere, whatever they're attempting will just get disabled or shut down. so, I guess that would mean that the upper power structures definitely have a way of containing this whole thing. but then, what sort of opportunities does that open up for humankind, if they're letting human elites begin to explore the galaxy? I don't really know, and it's often puzzled me (basically ever since I saw the sepehr videos on it and heard marty's thoughts on it, along with my looking into it). it's a suject that's far beyond the scope of my interest (I don't want to get more involved with security, access levels and stuff like that,-- but instead see myself as a free-person that just lives without any cares anymore). I just attract what I want, so concerns aren't a thing anymore.
anyway, it occurred to me that tonight after the previous entry that likely, the reason why the original creators of antarctica setup and the whole saturnian-system, are willing to just walk away from it, is because they're not going to be in this galaxy anymore. although I have no tangible memory of building the thing, I sure seem to intuitively know a lot akout it, which has caused a lot of speculation on my part, what on earth my role here is, because on one side of things, for the tesla character (who on this timeline was likely a "robot" -- a controlled being sorta like obama), I understand him quite deeply, and understand his perspective on things. I think he accomplished (in this timeline) only a tiny fraction of what he accomplished on another timeline (this one is the sabotaged one), and even in a lot of ways, I feel the same thing about myself, though I thing the saturnian guys sabotaged it for me. I find myself to be extremely similar to tesla in thought, and I've always felt quite a similarity to him (also I have a shockly good intutition about frequency, resonance, and attracton, which is definitely not normal -- few people understand that stuff). in additon to my resonance with tesla, I also have quite a lot of similarity to hitler as well. from the outside looking at me, it would seem that I'm nothing like hitler, but I can understand him quite clearly. we share a lot of the same qualities, like invincibility (he didn't commit suicide; that was end of war PR) and becoming the reflection of those around me. in additon, when I read the wiki on hitler's lovers, there's also a strange number of similariites between us. one girl hitler claimed was really into him, but then she said that she never felt the same thing. I can guarantee you that she's going to be an XX reflector, because around nearly every one of them (cept maybe the grosses prostitutes), I feel pretty strong attraction to them. it's been that way all of my life -- and even considering the a-list girls that I invited to join in, I'm pretty certain that they're all XX as well (even the ones in sepher's videos), because I found out that no matter where they are in time or space, when I focus on them, they reflect back to me my own emotion, and it feels pretty good. just like hitler with that one girl, I too thought they were all strongly attracted to me, when in fact, I was likely only feeling my own attraction to myself being reflected back to me. there are other major differences though between hitler and myself though, because he's much more mars-like, and I'm clearly more conceptual/vulcan in perception (especially after the brain thing). I was only physical like that before, and never really afterward. the other difference between us, is that he had a pinecone, and so was therefore considerably more influenced by the astral presence of those around him, than I am. (wow, what a rambling thought) the summary of it is, is that I'm very much like both of them at the same time (kinda like an amalgamation), but born into a period of time where I had essentially the destiny of getting my pinecone removed and seemingly ending up where I am now.
	it's my belief that hitler was another guy just like I am, where he's got a strong sense of self-worth and a tremendous ego (which is a rare quality), which naturally makes him a leader, but because he had a pinecone, he perceived life through the 2nd-ray lens that is part of this solar-regime. all of that self-worth and ego makes him feel like he can conquer anything -- and just like me, one thing leads to another, and he would have conquered the world. I too would have conquered the world, had it not have been for the saturnian-system to stop me, and force me to take another look at what I *really* wanted. for hitler, I'm pretty certain that he started to get a bit turned off by the whole thing somewhere around all of the theft was taking place. it's hard to justify creating a utopia when, these guys are running around looting anything of value like a bunch of pirates. he, like me had a role to play as a leader, so he just showed up and did the work (I was kinda like the figurehead of tuenti for the team, so when I returned to work for them the second time, I just had to play like I was really interested in the whole thing, when in reality, the dream had completely evaoporated for me by then. I didn't want to let everyone down and start pointing out all of flaws that I could easily see, so I just kept going with it) -- and hitler had to do the same thing: here's all of these guys that are giving their lives for a sort of dream, which hitler can clearly see, will not happen, because you can't build utopias on theft, hoarding, and greed like that. a utopian society is giving and sharing, with an emphasis on creativity, not stingy wanting to surpress -- but to point that out would be like shattering some naive kid's dream, so he just kept up the rhetoric, knowing that it'll come to and end, and planned an escape.
well, just as hitler started to become disillusioned with the dream near to the end of WW2, and planned an escape, I think the same thing happened while in antarctica: it's just impossible to get these guys to change; they insist on running everything into the ground: an artist creates a really awesome painting, and someone wants to come and loot it. take any great technology that could possibly enhance the human experience, and they want to use it for control, and keep it away from anyone with intentions to improve the conditons of their subjects. I understand the dillema quite considerably, and it was a source of a lot of my depression,-- because here I am offering to make them (and making them) tons and tons of cash, and they don't want it. they want only to party, show off to their friends, and control things. I even tried to live their life, and it really wasn't my thing. I just can't get into it -- but the problem, is much much much greater than just any single group of people on earth (infected-ones or not), because the problem comes from *the stars*. the only way to find a way out of this system of greed and superiority, is to go someplace where there aren't any stars -- or if there are, they're of a different quality. so, I think they made another exit plan: one to get out of the galaxy.
I'm probably the final extension of that plan. I'm the guy that they send in to ensure that an exit is necessary. the book of revelation calls these guys the "two witnesses" and a sort of anti-christ (hi!) who made earth so unbearable to live in, all the way up till when they were killed (sorta like the ending of queen elizabeth's reign); and then after that a "christ" appears (definitely not me). there are also all of these other narrative things that indicate that there is going to be a sort of dividing (like when a cell divides), and when that happens, two parts that are very similar start to gain a different enough form of perception, that one part wants to go a different way than the other, so they must part ways from each other. it's impossible to know for sure what all of these narratives are referring to, but they're all translated in the reference point of where their environment. so, for example, I'm not out to go and cause a lot of problems, to force the separation. I'm also quite fine with sharing any knowledge that I have, and giving allowing whatever it is that anyone wants to pass through me (symbolically or energetically).
however, it is coming to a point where we must separate, or else things will get too bad. call me crazy, but if there is desire from someone for me to hang around a little longer, I'm totally fine with that. the thing is, I would imagine that decision needs to be made sooner than later, because if it's later, things are going to start to get pretty uncomfortable. in additon, a whole lot of people are still "on the fence" about whether they want to go with attraction or not. the only real way to find out is to let energy keep rising, and figure out what it is they believe, by watching it show up in their lives --- so we prolly have a fair bit of time to go until things that dividing line is clear. some people might think they want only-attraction, but getting what you think and believe can be difficult. even myself, I'm pretty sure that I don't want to be in an only-attraction environment quite just yet, as I've still got a lot of things that need to be worked out.
I actaully want to become capable of only-attraction and stuff like that -- but perhaps that's just too lofty of an idea to do at the moment -- and perhaps what we should instead  just be like, "forget all of that attraction stuff for now" -- cause as we head out, we can just rely on good conditions for quite a long time (essentially until we get bored or start fighting or something). then once we're bored and looking for something to do, maybe we can climb our way up the tech tree again, and start to build out the things we want. until then, primitive living is probably pretty OK. who knows what'll happen. decisions like that one and others will need to be made,-- but if I know these guys well enough, they're going to drag their feet, until they're on the verge of catastrophe -- which I'm OK with, as well.

### 2024-04-10 17:40 - changes in energy

man, the last few days are so changing, that it's hard to quantify it all. on the day of the eclipse (4-8), they installed a "fiber installation" which is really weird. last I saw it, it was two plastic tubes (supposing they're going to fill it with something) going from the top of where the wall opens (near [the burial mound](../world-net/dear-kyle.md#2024-04-07-1441---the-indian-burial-mound)) to the bottom of where the wall opens -- which is really weird for a "fiber installation" which just travels along the freeway, and does nothing else. it's clearly not for telecommunications because (from what I saw) it isn't connected to anything on either side. it likely got filled with something (probably like a wire or something) -- also, when I was watching them do it, they made sure the wires were parallel the entire distance for some reason. the effect is that the energy here is both stronger, and calmer. I got something wrong in my note to kyle, cause I thought the line ran in front of the burial mound, taking the energy out to the freeway, but it turns out when I looked just now, that no, it actually *encloses* the energy in. so even though I wrote it the wrong way, somehow my siulation (which works just the same as looking into another point of time) arrived to the situation now where the energy is all closed in.
	the way my simulator works is basically just feeling another timeline at a distance. I construct the setup that I want -- and because both spach and time can be different in a different timeline, I can assume a different setup than my present circumstances (different tools, around different people, other environment, etc), and so when I look into that timeline, I just let it play out -- and then I get the result. it's not a *real* timeline in that I don't physically see it or anything, but it plays out pretty similar to *real* reality. also, it's the same technique that I use to look at different things in time. they aren't necessarily *real* (in the sense that I can see it), but it is a plausible history that arrives to the present (not all histories arrive to the present, and have too much "plausible deniability" to them, that they're not believable). that simulation is just a general system where I can instantiate any idea or concept into time and space and see how it interacts. tesla did this all the time with his motors (space) -- but I do it conceptually/temporally instead because I don't have a visual centre.
		it would be very difficult for tesla to imagine his motor in another time than the one he's used to, because his brain assumes the reality of the present time -- it's kinda one or the other, but not both. likewise, it's very difficult for me to precisely map out the shape or dimensions of something, because the same concept appears in different shapes in different times. when writing about it, I've learned to *deduce* the shape based on the feel that I get. likewise, if I were to gain visual capability, I'd be instantly locked into the time/perception that is for me "present". any perceptions of the future or the past will be rendered through my perception of now; though, for me I feel it like it *is* in that other point of time, but I have to understand that feeling from my current perception. it's kinda similar, but different in that mine is more like a person getting better at speaking a language (my capacity to translate is limited by my ability to speak the language now), whereas visually, a person can only *see* things (past present or future) from their perspective now. (for example, the sky wasn't always seen as blue, but anyone looking into the past the imagination will will automatically fill in the blanks with what we're used to, and *see* a blue sky -- so like when imagining things like the trojan war or something, imagine instead a sky that's more like a luminous maroon or like a UV light that is reddish and teal hue instead of violet -- hard to describe).
		the reason why concepts are rendered visually in the way we konw them is because the brain is tuning into and receiving concepts, and those concepts get rendered by the brain using the most familiar symbolic representation (colour, shape, sound, etc). the brain can only remix symbolic things that it's experienced before, and learn incrementally from slight differences. a concept can be entirely new and completely unintelligible, and so in that case we learn by *feeling* -- "it feels like this, so it must be similar to it" -- and those create feeling relations/associations in the mind, which are later converted into symbol (either in the imagination or in text like I'm doing now). I propose that it's actually *impossible* (unless in a very altered state of consciousness) to be able to perceive something both spatially and temporally differently, at once.
	the simulator can do *anything* really; I just load up the concept in somewhere and at some time, and then I can just watch it behave. there aren't any restrictions to it, because it's all vibrational -- however some things (like math equations or something) are extremely difficult to see, so I just let reality play out and they take me toward the understanding of that symbolic system; it could take weeks or months, but the reason why I can't see the answer now is because I can't recognise what I'm looking at. once I can recognise it, then I can finally see it. IMO, it's much more powerful than the imagination, and it's the main reason why I really don't want to go visual.
anyway, the effect that the new energy has, is that I feel a lot calmer all of the time. I'm no longer getting my energy mixed with so many other people's energy now (it appears that the energy flows mostly east now, and not really west). however, at the same time, it feels like there's a huge collection of bad-feeling energy building up here (though I don't really feel it), and it seems to be intensifying everything. I'm interested to see how the next few weeks/months play out, because things could start to become really unbearable for others. I no longer feel others so strongly anymore, and so here under these conditions, I only feel myself now. it was the strong feeling of others which also kept me unfocused (same as with the weed -- it'd allow me to tune into others easier), so these new conditions are also focusing me in an even stronger way. their goal I believe was to isolate me from others more, so I'm not upsetting their setup. the isolation is really nice for me, actually, cause I'm not pulled in so many ways now. at this point, it feels like it's just me and nosebook now -- nobody else.
the other thing that's been on my mind a lot (especially during the installation of the fiber thing), is that when I was watching veritassium right before going to sleep through the eclipse, there was one video on knot theory which had all of these crazy new geometric shapes in DNA and stuff like that which can now be achieved by using knot theory. the subtext on that video is that knots are like antennas -- and so when making these new shapes, a person can be tuned to different things. during the video (and many times afterward), I had this flash of the future where these guys are going to be building so many new and cool symbolic stuff, figuring out the infinitely many ways of manipulating (symbolic/spatial) conditions to produce the conditions (which is just a feeling) that they want. I find the idea pretty awesome, cause they're going to, instead of being held back from trying to get to the top top of the universe, they'll be able to do it; become the fastest, strongest, most well-fit dudes out there, each one of them competing (with theirselves, obviously) to reach the very top. anything of the size and scale that they want to do will require massive amounts of teamwork, so I think it'll be really interesting. though I find that stuff to be really cool, I don't want anything of it. I'm really happy to be isolated from that world of constant (harmony through) conflict.

### 2024-04-11 21:47 - the guardian-ship

today was my appointment at health solutions. mom wanted to come to ensure that all of the paperwork has her guardianship on it. I really wanted to just do it all myself
	it's like when greg uses my computer and installs windows on it for me -- it changes how I used the computer -- well this is the same sort of thing: up until today, the energy was only my own, and things seemed to be flowing pretty well. the whole health solutions thing was even an accident. I happened to get a vaccination in their parking lot from one of the free vaccination services, and when I came back for my second one, the bus wasn't there, so I asked health solutions if they had one -- and they said they could only give it to me if I was signed up with them -- so I asked how to sign up, filled out the form and got accepted (to shorten the story a bit). so when it's only my own energy, things tend to flow for me. I attract the people who can help me and things go well. today was no longer my own energy again, so it's essentially just a repeat of PCHC where I refused to see the neuraologist, because I didn't like how he felt.
	another example of this was in the airport when we flew to california. when it was me pushing jaron, everything flowed, and they were letting us through and stuff, but as soon as mom or dad started to push jaron, we ran into every single inconvenience. I always have a really easy time in airports, because I've flown a lot, and so when it's my energy, then it goes really easily. mom and dad have far different expectations of the airport though, so they hit every single problem (and mom tells the story every time about how they had such an awful experience with jaron and TSA). there are many examples other than greg playing WoW on my computer for a few hours before I even got a chance to use it (which was a very different experience than my MBP, which I was too good at programming on, so they had the computer "randomly" turn off, and then stop starting alogether -- cept I tried it again after some time, and the computer turned on again just fine, for about 5s -- then it turned off and has been disabled since). these sorts of manipulations I attribute to the saturnian-system, because it's all about controlling conditions. I'm used to things working for me and being easy, so when all of a sudden something that used to flow, no longer does, I pay attention, so I can optimise myself and improve on it. anyway... those are just a few examples of that.
while we were waiting, mom brought up the subject of jaron, and why he's perpetually worried about his indemnity. I explained to her my theory of how jaron, after the car accident, has become a reflection of the guys that sabotaged tuenti -- so, he's like one of those corporate megalomaniacs, trying to control all of the conditions, to get slightly better sales (or whatever their amition is). the thing is, he's confined to a wheelchair though, so their typical way of doing things is to get the image and facade just right to impress others with appearances (these are symbolic definitions). the thing is, he can't really put on a show like that in a wheelchair, and he doesn't have all of the great conditions that those rich guys have, to compensate for how bad they feel. jaron repeatedly wants to try and get different/better conditions to solve his problem or make him feel better. a good therapist, doctor, or lover can provide sufficient motivation to feel better, but when they go away again, the previous conditions return.
	for example, in spain jaron says that everything worked better for him there, which is great and stuff,-- but *he* isn't better; *spain* is better. if he goes anywhere else with less of those necessary conditions, then he's back to how *he* is. surely, there's probably a place better than spain even (hawaii maybe?) -- but then he can only "get better" by upgrading to a place with better conditions. those things require money, and he refuses to do anything that cOuld possibly make him money -- so he's kinda at the whim of whomever is taking care of him -- and if they're not providing good conditions for him, *it's their fault he's not getting better*.
talking and interacting with jaron (along with my own need to pee), has really helped me to get a grasp of how these saturnian guys think -- and it's been a pretty good reiforcement of my desire to not be that way. I like to think of myself as the centre of everything, where I create the conditions around me I want to have (more like they match my perception), and I don't at all feel like I'm constantly a victim to my circumstances. if I get a laptop stolen (or three), then I just keep going. those are just minor setbacks, and so I continue on improving and creating the things I want. I like my perspective, and I wouldn't give up my perception (tenacity) for all of the power and authority (or girls, drugs, etc) -- or anything like that. I'm a successful person, and I have lots of good ideas; I'm not really interested in conditions, when I make the conditions. I can never understand jaron's perspective.
I explained that it's a whole bunch of guys like jaron (though not in wheelchairs, because they have super tech to compensate for their decrepit and barely functioning bodies). the saturnian-system is just a bunch of guys that want to say in front of everyone else, so in order to do it, they have to hold everyone else back.
I also explained that 
she also provided them with an erroneious timeline of my brain haemorrhage. she claimed that I had it on april 1st (april fools day). I told her I remember it as being the 4th of april (cause 4 and 4 -- I like 11 (or any repeating digits), so this is 44 to my eyes: 11 times earth). anyway I looked it up later when we got home, and it's definitely the 4th. it was a tues-thur class in the afternoon, and the 4th is tuesday (martes: mars' day), and the 1st is saturday (saturn's day). after I just got done telling mom about the saturnian-system, it was a but uncanny to see their signature on it, by trying to change the medical records of when exactly the haemorrhage was: april fools to all of you, I guess. I can't do anything about the mapipulation of historic details like this, and have come to terms with the idea that neither am I being presented presently as who I am (so won't the real slim shady please stand up, plese stand up) -- I got lots of actors, you know -- they do me better than I do, and people want to see my jokes delivered well, so it makes sense. I would too; but it's not me.
	it's kinda funny about this because last night I was talking to jaron about the "return of jesus" -- and I said that I find it to be pretty doubtful. when I was a kid, I had a personal relationship with jesus that was something like I "knew" him -- and now, looking back on it, I can easily say that he was a highly *attractive* man, and wasn't out to go and vanquish all of the bad-guys and establish himself as a millenial ruler. that kind of behaviour is what the (holy) roman empire was like (especially in the later periods). it's one thing to keep order and maintain borders (kinda like the etruscans) -- and it's another thing to go on a domineering slaughter, attempting to subdue the world and impose a structure (for a few years or a thousand) -- so I highly doubt it. that whole thing sounds like the church's way of conquest, than a very attractive person's way of conducting things (people just followed him -- no need to conquer or subdue them -- they were already wanting to join him cause he's so attractive).
	I also explained to him my theory about the two earths: one earth contained the church and they were given power and capability (along with genetics) to subdue the earth in the way that they choose (resulting in nearly a thousand years of *dark ages*, which I guess could be called "peace"). in one earth jesus was successful, and people continued to be attracted to him, and in the other earth (the one we're all in) contained everyone that was not attracted to him. it's like a cell splitting and dividing into two. I believe the same kind of division is happening now, and it's all based around attraction -- which means that whatever the other earth's story of me will be severely distorted (happy april fools day!,-- cause you're the fool: everything will be fake and made up, and manipulated and redramatised in unrealistic ways, just like "shakespeare in love"). who knows what kinds of whoppers will be in there. I doubt I'll be painted as a resurrected christ -- so maybe like some kind of tragic genius, that fell victim to psychosis or some other mental "disorder" (btw, all the saturnian-system guys are schizofrenic by definition: hearing sounds/voices and seeing hallucinations/things -- but it's bad if anyone else has it, so it's labeled a "disorder" -- cause if others knew how to use their schizofrenia, it would *disorder* their fraglie setup).
we went in to talk to the doctor: dr-estrella,-- and I'm telling you, the woman that talked to me today *is not* the same woman that I selected when I saw her picture. they're different people, because estrella in the picture was a pretty good reflector -- but the woman today, was a terribly dull reflector; so dull in fact, that I became a reflection of her instead -- which meant that I ended up just having to walk out. she wasn't taking anything I was saying seriously. she was very "you need to conform to our system" sort of type -- and I was telling her that it probably sounds to her like I have an "elevated sense of self worth" -- narsasistic, megalomaniac, egotistical, and all around "don't tell me who I am; I define me, not you" -- sorta guy. people like me are highly successful, and the majority of them know that, so they teach everyone else how to do hard work and conform to a system which is essentially slavery, but they "pay" tbe person with the money they print -- so it's still free work -- just there's an illusion of compensation. it anyone wants to get up to the top, they're told they need to *earn* it be their merit -- when *none* (or very very few) of them are actually earned anything they have (I'm taling about the guys at the way way top -- not the ones who made it to "upper class"). they know that he way to get to the very very top is though having an unshakable ego, and a strong (illusion) of self-worth -- so they teach everyone else that those are mental disders, and that (like dr-estrella suggested to me), that I get "treated" for that, and she strongly encouraged me to enroll in behavioural psychology.
	after talking to mom about it this evening, she's sill holding on to the idea that I should go and talk to the behavioural psycologist, because she claims that they'll be able to tell me the things "you can't see in youself". unless the psycologist is a good reflector of me, I'll become a reflector of them, and all of the stuff that they're "treating me for" will actually be aspects of their own self that they disapprove of. I'll become them, and I'll repeatedly tell them that they're only trying to treat theirself. if I enjoyed the conflict, then I'd go, and "prove" myself to them -- perhaps cycling though various psycologists until I found someone that's actually a reflector -- but it sounds like an enormous waste of time to me. I don't have anything to prove anymore -- so I'm likely just going to refuse to go. I'm making	tons and tons of improvements already, and I really dislike being a reflection of others. if they don't feel good, I don't want to be there; they're not attractive to me; and if they do feel good, then all of the saturnian-system work is in vain (it'll never happen -- they'll keep swapping them out to be the dull reflectors, because that's the beginning of the end for them).
instead of doing all of that, what today helped me to realise is that I'm making enormous improvements, all by myself -- and I'd say that my rate of improvement is accelerating too. if I platau or something, then it's a good idea, but the system itself is designed to keep people away from beliving in theirselves (I need someone else to help me, like a therapist or doctor). the whole thing is massively disempowering -- and I suppose I could try to go through with it, but I just prefer not to, at this point. I'm OK being a reflector, and there's no real point to trying to change them or to become some kind of *gold*. I like that I'm the model bad-guy. I'm a terrible terrible very evil person -- but because I feel so good (not cause of conditions, but because of my perception), all of that awfulness comes out. reborn into another different set of circumstances, where I don't have the opprtunity to learn about LOA, I'm the same as the saturnian guys: I feel I need to manipulate conditions to get what I want. I know them as well as I know myself, and the *only* way for me/us to *ever* be a non-terrible person, is to have the conditions or the perception: which is attraction. we're the same, you know. I reflect all of good and all of evil. I am the universe.

#### 2024-04-11 23:38 - I reflect all-that-is
- direction toward foil
- if they wanted me to be gold, then they'd allow it
	- nobody likes gold kenny, because gold kenny gets everything he wants and all things come easy. they want *silver* kenny instead, having no self-defined attractive qualities
	- I don't really want to be gold (in the symbolic sense) either. gold is emissive, and I want to be *attractive* -- so I'm actually heading more in the direction of black/carbon/foil, because more like how source is: I want to reflect back (and feel myself) only higher frequency versions of their output.
	- becoming a good foil com5s with practise.

### 2024-04-13 14:30 - I have all of the disorders...

I just woke up, and in one of dreams or impressions that I had while sleeping, I was in a situation where remi's daughter (allie) was liking me, and I didn't want to be anything other than just a friend. I explained to her that she needs to write patricia and ask her for her opiion on the subject. I explained that getting physical with me is a terrible idea, and I've seen a lot of really good women turn terrible after being with me. it's not a good idea, and I honestly wish to be friends. I've never had a girl around me that shares similar interests as I do, nobody that I can talk to about my ideas or anything like that (which is cause I write -- because these are subjects that neither men or women will talk with me about, and so if I want to make any progress on the ideas, I *must* talk about them).
	the reason why I flatly refused to go any further with dr-estrella is because I'm not interested in someone telling me that I have a disorder or any problems -- because *I have all of them*. that's right, contained within me is the totality of everything that is both "good" and also "evil". so, if she's looking for things that are wrong about me, I have examples of them all, and so therefore can appear to have all of the stuff she will think I need to be cautious about and stuff like that. that kind of conversation doesn't help me, because I already know I have all of the problems. I'm also not looking to try and get rid of the problems either. those problems are vibrational (ie, mental) and so if I didn't have the capability of chaning my perception, my entire body would be on the verge of death.
		the guys at nosebook's bodies (even the young ones) are all on the verge of death and are deteriorating at a rate that is much more rapid than normal people's bodies deteriorate -- the difference between them and me/others, is that they have conditions which can produce vitatility in their body and partially overcome the vibration that they have going on. without those cOnditions, they'd become decrepit die off really quickly.
	conversations with people like her, who are just trying to identify that I have a problem (which they think they can solve with some kind of action or behavioural change (as in "behavioural psycology")), are going to run into a difficult problem, because *I will tell them I have that problem* -- and I will also tell them how to get around that problem. especially the medical insitution has no clue at all (and I believe this is on purpose) how to help a person actually improve from those "disorders". what I'm interested in, isn't knowing that I have a "disorder" (cause I know that), but learning all that there is to know about how that disorder works in the body, and different perceptive tricks to get around it. IMO, the *only* way to get around those disorders crippling effects (literally, they paralyse half of my body), is by altering m/ *perception*. so, when she says "I'm only wanting to talk to you about the physical aspect of your body and make sure that's healthy" -- she's strongly mistaken and isn't a person I want to talk with because -- IMO perception is the *only* way to improve the phsical aspect. she can prescribe medications or other physical things to try and overcome the vibration, but the source of those physical ailments is the vibration.
	I try and explain to her that *I* am not the source of those vibrations in my body, but they occur because I'm a reflection of all-that-is (good and evil), and so when I focus on someone that doesn't feel good, they get amplified. I know those vibrations don't come from me, so I don't care much to experience them, and usually just relieve myself from the situation. I have no control over the fact that others are using my perception, and so therefore *I* cannot solve those vibrational sources (I'd have to get all of nosebook to change to my perception for that to work -- which isn't going to happen),--- so, I just work with the things that I can do something about, which is how do I feel (igorning who's the cause/source of the problem), and just go with that -- *and that solves the physical problem*. just by me finding a way to feel good about the physical problem, and not needing that physical condition to change so that I can feel good, they seem to be able to find a fix (or something, cause the physical ailment goes away). her method of doing things (focusing on the physical symptom) would have caused me to die from an exploding bladder (like tychos brahe). so, if I want to pee, I have to find a way to *feel* like I can pee, which is the same for m/ physical ailments: if I want to feel better physically, I have to find a way to *feel* like I want to be/feel better. the physical aspect is completely mental for me. she wants to separate it from the psycological aspect, and that's why I had to dismiss myself. repeated efforts to explain this to her, and she couldn't hear me (the entire system can't hear me), so I realised my efforts are in vain. I actually had high expectations for this, because the picture of estrella looked like a chinese woman to me, and they actually understand (to some extent) that the mental body's wellness is direcly for the physical body's wellness.
so, what I'm actually looking for, is an actual *friend* -- someone that I can talk with and expand on some of these ideas, but that's pretty difficult to find. if she she's too young, she has no concept of anything that I'm talking about, and though she could have intuitive insight (like jaron does often), it's not likely she'll be able to logically (or conceptually) be able to give me much insight. it's usually men that are my age and older which have any knowledge of these sorts of things -- but by the time they're my age (40), they all believe that it's *conditions* that are the solution to the problem (just listen to my conversations with dad or greg). men tend to be against any type of conversation related to perception (again notabe here are my conversations with dad), and so I don't really find talking to men to be all that helpful either (I'm mainly lecturing them on how *everything is mental*, not conditional (thoth agrees, btw)) -- so I figured that maybe what I'm looking for is someone who's actually *receptive*, because someone who's just blasting out their mental ideas, isn't going to be making any progress. for *any adjustments to perception, one must be receptive*. there's no other way.
so, for all of my life, I've been chasing this elusive receptive friend who can talk about how the entire world is a reflection of our perception (ie, mental) -- but I can't seem to find them. they either don't exist (highly unlikely), or there's something else at work here preventing them from showing up in my life;--well the soution to that is the same as for the problem: find a way to feel good about none of these receptive friends being around, and just do my own thing.
I also refuse to be physical with someone, until they can understand the mental aspect of the physical experience -- because, in the physical transfer of energy, I essentially turn them into a prostitute. they're essentially having sex with all of the "bad-guys" out there, when they have sex with me. it's embarrassing for them, and disheartening to me to watch them all crash and burn, because I amplify all of their pain/anger/insucrity/etc for them. I have all of that going on in my body *all the time* -- but nobody really notices because I like to feel good enough (and can do it perceptually), that none of those terrible vibrations ever make it up to my physical -- and the ones that do, I'm gaining new forms of perception all the time, so that they're no longer an issue.
	being physical with a bunch of women (or girls, though it would take time to manifest), would produce a whole lot of really awful women that think they need conditons to solve their problems. I don't want to be around those kinds of women (like dr-estrella), and so I want to find a way to teach them to get around those vibrations *unconditionally* (ie, only-attraction) like I do. if I wanted to hang around a bunch of "I need conditions to change so that I can feel good" types of people, I'll look no further than the majority of the venus-types. they have to understand attraction, for anything physical to work.

### 2024-04-15 04:06 - new energy thoughts

since the eclipse, which was also the day they installed the "fiber", energy has been really different. I mentioned previously that I've essentially lost all of my motivation, which remains true, but in addition to that, I'd say that the next most notable difference is that I no longer feel that "oh wow" or feeling of divine revelation that I often times get (especially on drugs), but most commonly I get while I'm writing. obviously those "Ohhhhhh" moments aren't coming from me, because I've usually made the realisation already (which is why I'm writing about it), but I surmise they have to be coming from other people -- most notably those of nosebook. since I no longer feel their reactions in the same way anymore, writing here is quite a different experience.
	speaking specifically, I must say that when I was preparing for writing the [mars and mercury history pontificate](../shake-sphere/history-potificate.md#2024-04-15-0034---the-separation-of-mercury-and-mars), some of the thinking that I did was right after writing the previous entry, while out in the very back yard on the other side of the fiber -- and while I was out there thinking about the mechanics of mercury and mars, and why mercury is also always looking for his receptive friend (ie, mars), I started to think of some examples (which I didn't include) such as david and johnathan, or various shakespere plays, I started to get that "Ohhhhhhh" moment when I was out there (on the other side of the fiber). additionally, I also notice a very tremendous difference between how I feel when I'm outside of the house (like say at walmart or sam's club) vs home: again, I have a stronger sensation that I'm being pushed by someone else's vibrations. I don't like that sensation, and even when I went to health solutions, while talking with dr-estrella, the ammount of force and strong pushing/angry sensation that I felt from her (or whoever is operating her body), was so strong, it's what caused me to leave. I don't want to fight like that, and I'm actually beginnning to really prefer being at home now.
	also, when talking with greg last night, there was another large thing that I noticed as well: greg emits *a lot* of astral energy, which I usually feel pretty strongly, but ever since the fiber installation, not really so much anymore. in previous times when we talked, I reflect his astral emission back to him, and bad-feeling gets amplified really quickly (like it did with dr-estrella). this time it didn't, and I was able to have a an almost entirely peaceful conversation with him. I actually even kinda liked the conversation cause I can't feel him anymore like I used to, and the other thing is, I don't feel like I have to avoid him anymore now either, because again, he doesn't feel bad to me anymore. I really like how all of the astral energy is dampened now.
when away from home, there's so much conflict and confusion that's all over the place, and I really don't like to be subjected to other people's energy, so here is actually where I'm starting to really enjoy being. sure, it's annoying that I don't have any m6tivation here anymore, but that's something that I'm sure I'll end up coming to a solution on just fine.
	one of the things that I was considering is to eat weed again in this new energy, (I really like being sober, so I consider doing it maybe once every few months or so) because weed has a strong effect on astral energy (I feel it stronger) which, if it's completely dampened now, that means that I won't be affecting others when I eat weed -- and also it may give me some ideas on some things to do. I considered it pretty strongly because I looked at the clock before writing this and the one upstairs said 04:11 -- and that made me think, "OK, if I go prepare weed now, I can have it ready for 4:20" -- but I decided that was probably a bad idea and decided to come down to write this instead. wow so yeah, I guess the kitchen clock is about ~7m fast...

### 2024-05-03 07:39 - strange things happened last night

- I keep getting these sorts of flashes where I see images -- they're kind of like memories, or how when a symbolic person (this happened frequenty with vera) would transmit an image to me.
	- a few days ago, when I was thinking about pulling remi's weeds again, the images were of allie, but she was naked, and it came with a strong feeling of desire.
	- then, yesterday when I [wrote to anne](/dear-anne.md), the images started to change again, and there were more this time, but none of them were clear enough that I cOuld actually see what they are.
	- additionally, yesterday I was talking to jaron while making lentils about his experience working on the cruise ship, and was saying that I just don't think that the party atmosphere is something that I want to go back to, because girls emit (strongly for me) a feeling like "you're missing out on (being with) me / what I have" -- and I don't like that feeling at all because I'm not. they don't have what I want. (and, at the ttime I was working on what I wanted to work on). I went outside again to work on the yard, and was thinking about how as a reflective person, all of those girls emitting that feeling got that feeling reflected back to them, and so to them they probably felt as if I was emitting a feeling to them that they're missing out on *me*. oh well, I guess. anyway, that was somehow also combined with what I wrote to anne [about being fully planted](/dear-anne.md#2024-05-02-0540---initial-thoughts), because at the same time there were all sorts of images about how I'll just pass on everything and just wait it out for the separation to occur (paso a paso!)
	- finally during the night, I was thinking about the mars + anatau combo topic I'll soon write more about, but the conclusion to that one is that I don't need to worry about finding anatau/urania (female vulcan) out there because I already have her inside of me. by default, all I have to do is to wait it out (cause they can't hold it away forever), and I'll get anatau back to me. that caused more flashes.
		- the obvious missing implication to this one is that anatau is the RH of my brain, which is what their entire 2nd-ray system is entirely built upon. they obviously don't want me to get back to having access to her (probably for many reasons) -- and I'm also OK not having her, because I've come up with both the flat-earth-idea and the black-mirror-idea as workarounds to the problem, where the 2nd-ray system that they rely upon can be externalised, and I can then become a multi-bodied consciousness (more on that in the future) and experience the full spectrum of desire (every possible frequency on the pen-rose).
		- therefore, I think it finally set in that they want to keep my 2nd-ray installation.
	- after that, I started getting flashes about AYLI, and I also felt strongly that they were going to push me to end up with allie. I was strongly against that idea, and decided that I *must* find a way to remove my nuts. I find them very unsightly, and I don't like the feeling of them. we went back and fourth for a while on that one -- cause seemingly they don't want me to remove my nuts (I'm pretty certain it's how they control my vision), and if I were to lose them, then they'd lose control. so if they can't control the visual system without the nuts (and neither do I want the visual system), then I think laser eye surgery will break all of the eye-fibers and prevent me from seeing images in my eyes. either way, if they're going to put me with her, then the relationship has to be platonic because I do not want to have sex with nuts.
	- they kept pushing on the whole sex thing, and I finally came to the conclusion, that if I'm going to be put with allie, then I'll just make a deal with her: I'll give her whatever she wants (for herself, and not in a negative sense), in exchange for not having sex -- because if we were to have sex, I'd probably lose my capacity to "see" things like I do now, because my concepts (which I use to identify what I "see") will all be jumbled up with her concepts now -- and like with all other past experiences, I have to relearn those concepts now *from her perspective* -- which is really really annoying to be reset over and over like that -- when I think, that if I can get her to think about how many other girls (besides just her want me to create what I want to create), then I hope we can find an agreement.
	- after quite a long time of struggling with the fact that they're pushing me into something that I don't want, I finally had to just take my own advise (to jaron 2da) and just find a way to be like the situation that I'm getting pushed into, and just only be doing things that I want to be doing. I then decided, OK, fine I'm just gonna lean into this, and sure I guess allie and I will just have fun and stuff because I'm not able to control anything.
		- there is a significant subtext here as well, because if they're going to force us to start having sex, then with the nuts still on, there's going to be a lot of symbolic output (getting rid of the nuts is the first way to being only-attraction), and so they're going to have to deal with huge amounts of (not good feeling) sexual energy output. I don't think that'll have any effect other than chaos and a whole lot of unwanted (think AD69 -- but with a conceptually reflective person instead of physically reflective, so less physical destruction, and more mental destruction), and that's just not something I can worry about; if that's how they want to make the separation, then fine I'll just endure until the sun pushes us out.
	- some time after just accepting the fact that there's nothing that I can do, and I'll just have to go along with whatever they throw at me for the next (not sure how long) until they've destroyed theirselves or separated -- the feeling finally subsided and again I'm back to thinking about AYLI. in the production (losal) that I saw, rosalind was played by a girl with dark hair, and celia was played by a girl with orange hair. originally, when I thought of the play, I just figured that celia was the traditional XX (reflective) female just like gertrude, and not at all a solar girl (orange hair). I didn't really know why they casted her that way, but she (don't remember her name) played a good enough of a "dumb blonde" that it was actually kinda fun.
		- [08:43 - paused to look for the production so I could link to it, but seems that the video has been taken down -- not sure why] there's also this weird part in the beginning of the play when they're singing the song ("hey nani nani" are the lyrics that I remember), where the guitarrist essentially says, "he wants to make you all receptive" -- or something like that (my memory is kinda hazy on it) -- and I always wondered what he meant by that -- because here's a guy that seemingly perceives something about the future and they're relating it to the AYLI play, and saying that. the reason why him saying that was interesting to me, is that also the sirians in the sirian-guide talk about how it's now time for humankind to learn its receptive side (so I had a bit of a precondition to believe that it's true, humans are going to begin to learn to receive, at least energetically (which the sirians say could cause a kind of insanity) but the guitar guy made it sound like physically receptive)
	- anyway, then I was thinking now about this other strange set of events that happened around the time of the eclipse. there was a song by "blackmore's night" called "shadow of the moon" -- which I just looked up the lyrics, and they're now nothing like how I rememberod hearing them. anyway, the way that I heard it (originally), it was a song about a girl that was conceived under the shadow of the moon (ie, during the eclipse). anyway, the night before the eclipse, I had a number of these other weird flashes, and the images ranged anywhere from a solar girl (in some of the images, it was kyle's wife laura), conceiving a girl during the eclipse. I also had other flashes during that time, also of the AYLI play, because in it, rosalind (ie, my RH) is said to have been bound to celia since birth -- and in the images, not only was I there for the birth, but also the birthing process invovled a strong orgasm, and not the typical labour assocaited with childbirth. anyway -- from then on, we were essentially together. I didn't really know what the meaning of it was, so I just left it, took a shower and went to sleep.
		- it has happened in the past where I've been in a partial dream-state, and I found myself in the same place as laura (I think it was right before one of the snake-bros gatherings), and it was like I was really there (I think I even wrote about it) -- but obviously I couldn't see anything or anything like that. so I have been summoned before by a solar girl, and likely appeared in astral. additionally, I had a similar experience with rianne, where also I felt like I was summoned, and experienced myself simultaneously in two places -- and crazily enough, two people (eric and jaron) both said that they saw me walking around with rianne, when I'd been at home all day. so, I think it's quite possible that these girls can summon me, if that's their desire. since I slept through the eclipse, I have no idea what could have possibly happened during that time.
	- so let's say that instead of me being rosalind in AYLI (as if I had access to me RH again), then that means that rosalind is externalised and I'm not just looking for celia, but I'm eventually ending up with both rosalind and celia. well that, works out pretty nicely, because the pen-rose has three directions to it, which means that there are going to be three predominant forms of perception that can anyone can go in the direction of. I'll call them X (only-attraction, earth), Y (solar), and Z (female vulcan, rosalind) -- and between three of these different forms of perception, we'll contstantly alternate.
- the conclusion of the night, and the way it was when I went to bed, is that I'll just lean into the allie thing, but we're going to have to make a deal, then I want to start to coordinate with anne, and see if we can't start to produce some of these genetics -- or if for no other reason, I'd just like to talk to her, because I find it very easy to convey these genetics ideas (similar to how I found it easy to convey the cosmic ideas to sarah). so, then for the next period of time, we'll just stay chill and we'll create the version of me that'll work essentially for everyone. also, it seems that allie won't be the only one, as I do feel like it's quite plausible that there is a celia out there somewhere -- and so hopefully, if everything works out, she'll become allie and my daughter. that seems pretty cool.
	- there are a lot of cool aspects to this, because I'm not totally sure what exactly produced allie, (whether it was paul, jaron, or both) which will have properties of the saturnian-system, so she'll represent vulcan in that sense, then the other one (celia) will represent the instantiation of the solar, which is quite a good reflection, I would consider. -- then we'll build the black-mirror ourselves (leaving them pluto), and then off we go. I actually think this plan will work out quite a bit better, actually.
- anyway, after I came to the conclusion last night, the flashes changed, and now they weren't so sexual at all, and no longer was she naked anymore (only sometimes in her underware), and they also transformed to where we were like super inseparable (like always holding on to each other and stuff, spending all the time together).
- so then now, hopefully when I talk to allie (I heard her calling for something last night), we should be able to get it all worked out, and now I'll have an inseparable shadow. I suppose that was kinda the thing that I don't really want (because I'm no longer going to be myself anymore, but a reflection of her), but as we're together, I'll get more and more into her head, such that my concpts will now have to find their way out through her form of perception. in a sense, this is kindof a strange thing, because I'll basically be learning to think like saturn (which is like the common denominator of all the universe), and translate my concepts out through that.
- I want to get everything I have up on the internet and stuff before starting the relationship (so, over the next few days), but hopefully she lets me continue to write and stuff, because as long as we're together, kenny doensn't exist anymore. I'll have to find time (whenever that may be, if ever) to be alone, to ever recover who I am. I'm basically going to be completely gone, but oh well. I don't think they're going to ever let me be alone again anyway. hopefully it all works out.

###	2024-05-04 13:18 - all or none

I just woke up. this morning I had the sense that the girls are going to figure it out without me, which I'm quite happy about -- cause I mean just think about this from their perspective: if there's some big man on top giving out orders and telling them what to do, they're not really doing it. if they figure it out and are able to accomplish it, then all I did was provide the idea (I offer all of my ideas free with the exact intention that they actually get used -- and even if the boys wanted to use the idea, it's open and available to them too -- I don't mind). then, after talking with mom this morning about jaron and his trip out to go see dad, I had these strage reactions afterward, possibly because (well, I don't know, actually) -- my thought on it is, perhaps that if jaron stays around for *my* birthday (doesn't have anything to do with him), then that completely alters the trajectory of things, in a way that I don't really understand.
	the way that I think about this is simple: the people that are around me, I become a reflection of, and so if jaron hated himself well enough, I would care nothing for him, and just let whatever happen happen -- however, I have to assume that jaron actually does care for himself (in the way that I care for him), because that's how I treat him (I learn about people by the way that I treat them). therefore, any way that I treat jaron, and any advise that I give him, *is attracted by him*.
the other thing that stood out to me in my conversation with mom, is that she was asking me why I don't want to fly -- and I told her it isn't really anything to do with flying anymore (because I'm not watching-stars, and am no longer constantly on the verge of kundalini rising -- because of elevation (same reason why I like to sleep on the ground) airplanes are much higher energy, and cause elevated states of mind -- mountains are different), and I told her that I would be willing to fly with jaron to vegas, and then go on to utah -- but I'm not really that interested in going to california.
	there's no real logical reason to do it -- just I teld to follow the narrative that's been given to me (again, not sure why) -- so I know that I'm gonna stay away from 14yos (k-prime if she exists) and solar girls, and also I'll steer clear of california, and a few other things which I can't remember now. they all seem to fit actually just fine: I've found out over the years (especially with my experience with raquel), that the solar girls' (2nd-ray) mindset, just isn't the one that I want to have. I want to be earth, not solar -- and I've been pushing for the nuts removal, because the nuts is notably 2nd-ray in perception (very close to the bottom, if not pure 3rd-ray, actually) and that's just not what I want to be the source of my arrousal. I want to be 1st-ray, 5th-ray, or 7th-ray in perception, not 2nd-ray. I don't understand the california thing, and I can perhaps fully understand the 14yo thing, because that brings a strong sense of nepotism to it -- which I'm definitely not a fan of. 
	oh yeah, another one is that there will be one woman that rules the *earth* (tesla said that), and that the vulcans like to hang out with anatau (that's me -- just I'm still in male form atm).
so, let's just assume that the girls do figure out how to make it all happen in california, and I stay here and just keep doing things that for me are only-attraction -- well then energy will continue to rise, and my entire body will become a reflection of my perception, and also the peal of the evolution-of-desire combination: I thought I needed girls way way back, then I thought I wanted them, but then around 2012 I figured out that *I* have all of the things that I thought I wanted from girls -- and combined with abraham's teachings, I realised that I am on the path to becoming the thing that I thought I wanted. this begun a series of events that would ultimately lead me to this realisation. for example, because andrea was pretty reflective originally, I perceived her as 1st-ray, but she was just a reflection of me -- so it's actually m5 that's 1st-ray. so I guess if I continue on, and am not slowed down by girls or sex or anything like that -- I'll eventually turn into the 1st-ray female. when then makes me become now become the source for their 1-5-7 (only-attraction) setup.
	I don't really have much of an opinion on this, as I know that a female body will be far more comfortable than the one that I'm in now -- and I guess it makes sense that I would then have all of me externalised out as infinite set of dudes out in lala-land. however, the thing that does annoy me the most about this "manifestation" (or lack thereof) is that I really wanted to build the thing. I've been so uncreative for so long, I *really want to create something*. my entire experience is that sex has always been destructive for anything that I want to create, and so I wish to stay away from it as much as possible, until I can actually get the things that I want to make built -- because the original point to wanting to create a body (masculine or feminine) is to make it possible for me to actually have sex, and not have that become cataclysmic. I recognise that sex is tremendously destructive, and my supposition of it comes from the way that the nuts produce a symbolic system to create arrousal, which then as energy flows through that system (either emissive or attractive), that's what causes all of the problems. for me the attractive energy flows in and then up to my brain completely rewriting the symbolic portion of my head -- which, because that's where a lot of the things that I want to create are located, and the place where nosebook's entire 2nd-ray system is located (which I'm fine with them inhabiting it), I don't really want to get that rewritten -- and neither do I want to be *emitting* a symbolic system, either. there is nothing about sex (with the nuts), which is something I want to be a part of -- so probably the reason for me hanging out with jaron so steadily, is because he's a huge dampner on my attractiveness. basically, around him, nothing will be happening with girls at all (which is what I want, until the nuts are removed).
so I'm fully supportive of this setup, actually -- because it's not really a problem for m5 if I take on a female body. they want me to be on earth with them, and don't want me to go out and be in any way superior to them, so everything does all work out quite well. also, it's really been kind of an issue for me the idea of me being a man, and then building essentially myself up to become *all* of the girls desire. it seems to work out OK in my head, but obviously when I go out into the world, and I meet women (or talk to remi or something like that), they're not all attracted to me -- so it does feel a bit pretentious.
in the system of "all or nothing" -- if "all" isn't actually realistic, then I will go for none, instead -- and that actually works out quite well in another way too, because there's only so much distance that they can hold me back -- and eventually, they have to actually let me go in some way toward wanted (I would suppose -- especially when the wanted aspect for me is to give them what they want (their own 2nd-ray system where they control everthing)) -- and if they want to infinitely block me, they need to infinitely come up with more and more ways of getting that energy under control (at the moment, their ability to block it, is so flimsy, it seems a dishwasher can upset their setup) which I'm also for as well (hence using the pen-rose to limit/distribute that energy rising over infinite diversity). however, what if they do not let me find a way to give them what they want, or find a way to hold me back either -- well then I have to become "the first and the last", "the beginning and the end" -- where I'm the last one out -- and then (I dunno for sure, but I have to imagine) a new universe will be created. if they maintain their course wanting to ensure that I forever get nothing, then it's the end for them; there's nothing I can do about that (I can't attract for them). they have all of the power though, so it's entirely up to them. do they want me to have all or none?

#### 2024-05-04 - may the fourth be with you

thm other major narrative thing that I adhere to is "nothing good comes from saturn". the way that I've come to realise that over the years, especially after reading a lot of shakespere and stuff,-- is that *all narratives* are basically bunk. they're a reflection of the author's desire, and can't really be considered worthwhile. it's quite likely that "fwh" (former white hat), that originally gave me my narrative around 2012-2013 was probably one of the antarctica mars guys. they've been around all my life, and have been constantly steering me (they're also the ones who run/operate the saturnian-system). it's pretty clear that they don't want me to be ending up with any XX reflector girls (like andrea), so that was probably pretty important for me to quickly identify marcos as having the archetype of saturn, and to be fully OK with that entire thing falling through ("nothing good comes from saturn") -- and so I find myself again in another situation where I'm presented with another opportunity (allie), but clearly paul and remi are undeniably of the archetype of saturn and venus -- so again, I have to pass (paso a paso!) -- and it's totally fine. the thing is, the other night, it really strongly felt like I was being forced into it -- and I just don't want that. not only do I not want to have sex with nuts, it's also been 100% true that sex has destroyod every single project that I ever tried to make, so I can't really do that. I want to create something.
	for marcos and andrea, this was quite the challenge for me. I really wanted to create a social network based on afinity -- more specifically of ideological proximity, but that seemed to have a lot of resistance to it. I decided that I'd settle for second-best on this one, and just make the affinaty project exactly how he wanted it. andrea really messed that up though for me, because I really wanted to do the technical stuff, but then things got really complicated (cause he claimed bogus stuff, and I felt the need to defend my honour, and say "no that really did happen" -- plus a whole bunch of other things like telling me what I experienced wasn't what I experienced -- which again, I felt the need to defend). all of that completely derailed my technical/creative efforts, and there wasn't even sex involved. basically, girls can be thought of (IMO) as the complete antithesis to creativity. the only time that I ever experineced good creative output was when I was up in arrasate with mom working on a 2.5D web-based RTS I wanted to create. things flowed really well at her house and stuff, but ultimately my own drinking habits are what caused that one to flounder. women who have believed in me have helped my creativity, but in all the cases it's worked, there wasn't any sex involved. well, OK, there was the time when raquel was working, and she'd leave for work and I'd program on her bed all day while she was gone -- but I didn't have as high of output there because I -- I dunno why actually, I don't remember accomplishing anything remarkable at all -- just I remember it was really fun that I could work all day, and then she'd come home, and I liked that -- which is why I asked if she wanted to come to madrid (a number of fails there). the most successful I've ever been at programming was actually when I was doing coke, and *not drinking* (very imprtant the not drinking part) -- which again was around the time of marcos, but he didn't want that code; he wanted something that he could hire others to program on as well, so I switched to ractive and actionhero.
basically, the way it works with the saturnian types is that they like to have control over everything -- which is about the same as mom's guardian-ship; just being the conceptual principality over the thing, she (or whoever is controlling her) has the abiltiy to totally derail everything. the events of affinaty felt nearly the same as the events around the whole "health solutions" thing and the dr-estrella switcharoo (the woman that I met was not asian at all). I've come to recognise the feeling that the saturnian-system leaves behind on the events that they meddle with, and I've come to realise that they (or whoever it is that mr-motor collectively is), does not want my to be creative on anything, so in a sense, saturn will always ensure that anything I want to do, never goes through. I've come to just accept this as fact by not, and the conclusion that I've come to over the years, is that saturn will ensure that there isn't any manifestation, basically until the opposition that's trying to keep me from being creative, all destroy theirselves.
my job, isn't to try and work out a deal with anyone (mutual-back-scratching), and it isn't to try and actually be creative (the reason why I've stopped programming), because it'll always get blocked anyway, so I've stopped trying to put effort into something that'll never go anywhere, anyway -- which leaves me with the only thing left, that I have any control over: I have the freedom to feel *any* way that I want to, which means that my job isn't to be creative, but it's actually to continue to lower resistance, until I'm as low resistance in waking state as I am in dream-state, where I'm telling them all sorts of cool designs and stuff, giving them answers to anything they want and stuff like that. the person tha I am in dream-state, is the kind of person that I *really am*; kenny has a lot of extra symbolic conditioning that says that I should be compensated, and should have some sort of reward, and all kinds of other symbolic/conditional things that should be met in order for us to have a good relationship -- but none of those exists when I'm in dream-state; I love everyone. that's the direction that I'm headed, and it's totally fine if they "take advantage of me" for the entire time.
the other thing that fwh told me is that I "have until 2038" -- which I've had a lot of different ideas on what that could possibly mean, but the general average of those ideas (and the fact that's the next solar maximum) is that, it's likely I have to just wait it out all the way until the bitter end; which is probably 2038.
along the way, one of the things that I want to do is to support as many people who want to take my ideas and turn them into something (because I'm incapable of doing it). I've stopped trying to get them done myself, so I really would like to see more cool and awesome technology while I'm waiting this thing out. I also kinda just supposed that I would spend a good portion of the time on drugs as well (or defocused in some way) -- but I'm kinda rethinking that one. I'm fairly certain that my destiny is fixed -- so no matter how much the saturnian-system adjusts things, I'm always going to the same spot. I just have to hold out to the very end, not needing any manifestations, and steering clear of saturn and his efforts.
	in a lot of ways, I have a bit of freedom with how things play out. basically, the way I've figured it out to be, is that kenny (the body) can do all sorts of things, but there are inflection points where I feel certain ways (think of these like rises and falls in a drama or musical piece -- [I wrote about it kinda too](../realm-forge/dungeons-4.md#2024-01-29-0105---fun-thought-experiment-narrator-without-a-voice)), so the way that I feel (the inflection points) is kinda fixed, and I can get to those points any way that I want (I can be destructive or creative or whatever), so really my entire focus is learning how to maximise my enjoyment (freedom to feel how I want to feel is always there, growth is inevitable, so the only thing left is joy) -- and I've tried different ways of maximising my enjoyment (drugs, sex, friends, creativity, etc), which have all been conditional, and nothing I've tried really matchs up to just feeling good about things becase I've adjusted my perception to be that way. it's totally fine for me that saturn doesn't want me to have sex, or be creative, or have and any good conditions, because those things don't determine how I feel about my situation. I like who I am, and have no interest in relying on (good) conditions to have a good time. [I'm aware that I described the inflection point as a feeling, and also my emotional state as a feeling. I don't know how to describe the difference between the two -- something maybe more like a velocity, though the point is the same] anyway, I'm basically just a robot that's going from one point to another in time, and I'm learning how to maximize my enjoyment of the traversal between points.
		or maybe some other metric, but I think it's probably enjoyment -- cause I figure I could end up in the same place/point also taking a destructive path -- and I may have even done this before, so I'm likely optimizing for the path that I want to take -- cause eventually, they won't be able to hold me back anymore, and I can do what I want; but obviously, if I took a destructive path, it's going to be much harder to pivot into something really awesome, than it is if I go the passive way.
			my thinking on this, is that being fully passive (ie, no manifestation at all, only-attraction), actually results in the most energetic final trajectory. there seems to be a lot of fluctuation in how I take the passive path, and that's actually likely why I learned about how to be passive (only-attraaction) about it so rapidly, because it's actually quite an art, and not as easy to do as one may think: the body, which is conditioned by the symbolic system its born into, has a lot of ideas about how things *should* be, and what are the conditions necessary to feel good -- and the conditioning tells us we need to feel really bad about a lot of really inconsequntial things. it's all mostly just realising that the things we think we "need", we don't actually need as bad as we're trained to believe we need them. relaxing and being passive is better than fighting for so many things.
	so basically, none of this really matters at all; just I'm really conscious, and the situation is really real, so part of the navigation to that fixed destiny is learning how to adjust my emotions to feel the right way, and writing helps a lot with that.

### 2024-05-05 06:06 - a play within a play

two entries ago, I talked about going/flying to utah, which is a direct contradiction to my idea of becoming "a plant, now fully planted". anyway the context for it is when I was talking to dad about jaron taking a bus or train up to utah, the idea of going with him to the shakespere festival up there, felt really good to me -- cause it felt like for the first time I can just talk and hang out with *real people*, where we share a common interest (shakespere), and not like how it is here where everyone is really sour and unwanting to talk about anything I like. I've always gotten along with the utahites pretty well, so just seemed to me like quite an enjoyable trip to make. I guess though, that makes me more like a potted plant or something -- anyway, after I hung up the phone, I was feeling the reactions to that idea, and one of them I translated as "he'll be like a fox in a hen house" -- and that kinda makes sense, because of mormonism and all of the sealing that goes on there, I would imagine that a very large percentage of the girls there are XX females -- which are the ones that by just being nearby to them, I feel very strong attraction to them -- which is actually really strong attraction to myself, because they're just reflectors (the younger they are, the better their reflection is) -- and apparently I really like myself. I don't know if they can feel it too, but nosebook has been really good at keeping me away from these girls.
	for example one time I saw one of those girls on the street (I was walking stoned through a neighbourhood that I've never been to before), and one of these girls was playing in the yard a few houses in front of me, and I could already start to feel her (she was prolly like 5-8yo). as soon as I noticed her, she seemed quite interested in me, then all of a sudden something came over her, and she ran inside. I doubt that I was the reason why she suddenly changed her feeling about me, and consider it more likely that the nosebook guys projected something fearful (to her) into the space between me and her, causing her to want to evacuate the area. additionally, when I was selecting the doctors for health solutions, I noticed dr-estrella, and when I tuned into her, she was one of these XX reflectors (and also looked asian) -- but the day that I got there, the dr-estrella was *not at all reflective* and was a venus type, instead.
what I've noticed over the years is that it seems that the saturnian-system guys have an ability to just create venus types, then they use their ability to move anyone with a pinecone around, and get any (good) reflectors, replaced with these scripted (non-reflective) venus types.
so, because it's pretty impossible for them to switch out such a large population of the utah girls, they're probably going to have to do something else, to ensure that nothing happens and I'm not around any reflectors. I figure their only real solution will be to create a completely artificial environment, just like the one that I'm in now -- and they'll have to put on a shakespere festival in the artificial environment, with all of the girls replaced with these venus types. so, because I'd be going in july or so, it would literally be "a midsummer's night's dream" where the mechanicals are going to be putting on a play (shakespere festival) within a play (the "reality" that I live in). I've been to these plays within a play before (though I can't concretely remember where, so perhaps an aborted timeline?) and I remeber that it was absolutely hilarious watching all of these venus types try and pretend to be real people, and at the same time stay clear of topics that I want to talk about -- sorta like talking to remi, actually.
my interest in going to the shakespere festival, is probably for the comedy aspect of it (for me) -- and at the same time, I would imagine that while I go to the play within a play (I'm probably bottom), there is going to be another actor that is playing me, which goes to the real shakespere festival in utah (so probably comedy and enjoyment for you all as well). however, the reason why I wrote about it, is today when I woke up, I noticed that I'm actually not as interested in going anymore -- though, I may still do it, just for the laughs (obviously nothing will happen, so it's actually fine (maximise enjoyment, right?))

### 2024-05-06 08:04 - actually, prolly not

yesterday I was thinking about this idea,-- and although it could be kinda funny, I'm not really doin it for the laughs anymore. humour is great and stuff, but there's one thing that I noticed while watching shakespere's plays (especially the tragedies), is that some of the parts that I find hilarious, others don't seem to share the same sentiment -- so it causes problems. well, the same thing here: the things that I find hilarious about shakespere's plays will almost certainly conflict with what some of the utahites think about the play -- so I hate to be the only guy that's laughing in the middle of a tragedy scene ("grab my sword by the hilt and run me through with it" -- lol). at the same time, I often notice that humour is just lost on a lot of things, and the things that I find funny aren't the same things that others find funny. for example, yesterday I made a joke about the stool I broke not being completely broken (cause it's not), but it's on it's last leg. mom, totally didn't even get the joke, and I just felt kinda silly, and even bad for her, because I made the joke so obvious, I expected her to get it. it just doesn't suit me too well on that end, because if I'm going to be hanging around with a bunch of venus types, when I'm out in utah the jokes are going to all be lost, and I don't want to be the only one laughing at the jokes. I was also thiking about how abraham would not really use humour or sarcasm when they would talk -- and the few times that they did, it just didn't come out right (the reason being that they speak very clearly and accurately, and humour is usually around the element of surprise because of something unexpected, or a dual meaning -- which is *not clear communication*) -- so, along with sarcasm, they preferred to communicate clearly and effectively, instead of joking around. I think I'm actualy transitioning into the phase where I'm more serious now too -- prolly because what I say is increasing in accuracy -- so to try and go back to using humour feels like it derails a lot of my points (cause sometimes, especially when talking to jaron, I purposefully derail the points). resorting to humour as a way to feel good (especailly at someone else's expense) kinda like a step in the wrong direction for me now.
the other major contributing factor is that shakespere is notably saturnian, and I also have to imagine that saturnian types are all over the place in utah, because of the sealing. in fact, I think it's even sorta required that all men coming back from mission will have gone through the initiation sealing, which means that the vast majority of males in the LDS church will be saturnian in perspective (if they're also emitters). I guess that's not *really* what I want, so again: paso.
I want to hold out till the very very end, and even yesterday when talking to mom about my situation and living in the house with me brothers and stuff, I was explaining to her, that for me it's just no problem the situation that I'm in now: I don't really need to fight anyone anymore, and if I had to move out, I'd be sad to see all of the weeds go away. I've been growing more and more comfortable here in the last weeks because of m/ *change in perception*. it all started with the concept of me figureing out how to "obey" -- but then, now I've figured out how to basically just always be doing what I want to be doing, getting me pretty close to pure-desire (there are still some other rough edges, but they'll get worked out). that concept btw, of only doing what I want to do and feeling good about my situation and where I'm at, is going to be the major archetype that I want for the solar (Z) girls, -- as if they're able to accomplish that (along with not needing others/conditions to change and just feeling-purposefully), then that's the foundation of having the pure-desire perspective. my situation right now offers me the perfect set of circumstances to accomplish that form of perception for myself (cause hate to say it, I don't really like telling people to do things, I myself am not capable of doing). I really like the time that I have here, and I'm actually learning a lot in the process. also, I really like doing the yard work, and thinking about these ideas and writing them down (like I did yesterday).
the other thing that I really like about my situation, is that it actually gives the girls a chance to do it theirselves. ideas (for me) are free, and it's the implementation that's the difficult part -- so along with the realisation yesterday that it's probably best to just do a fixed size one, then launch another off later on, it actaully works out kinda nice if they are capable of working out the first version, because there will always be continual improvements, and we can just launch more off to try out new things. -- maybe, we'll eventually create so many of these mirrors, it'll be sorta like a dyson sphere for the universe (ironic joke... :)) honestly, who knows what'll come of it, -- so I figure I'll probably just keep tanking for as long as is necessary (cause it seems they don't want me working on any of that cool stuff, because that cool stuff is top secret, and I'm broadcasted). if I just write out crazy ideas here, I'm just a loon.
for me, I don't *need* to be the first one to do anything -- and I don't care to have my name on anything, or any kind of recognition, or anything like that (Unlicense and WTFPL dual license), so -- I really am hoping that they can turn these ideas into reality -- as it'd just be really awesome for me, because then I wouldn't have to deal with all of the constant resistance (I stopped programming, because it's not fun or enjoyable anymore -- so if I'm going to try and maximise enjoyment, there's no sense in trying to do something unfun). so yeah, I'd love to work on it, but it's totally not necessary for me to "spearhead" (lol) the first version or anything like that.

### 2024-05-07 04:33 - the death of juliet

this morning I woke up with a strong sense that the allie thing will probably go though, but it seems that they don't want me tto actually try and organise the creation or the launch of the black-mirror -- and I'm supposed to just "trust" (them) that it'll work out.
	there are a whole lot of problems that I have with "trust", because I don't really "trust" anybody. trust requires an agreem5nt, and I have none of those (cause nobody will talk to me), so there's literally no way that I can trust anybody (cept myself). in fact, the only person that I really "trust", is myself -- and I don't really "trust" myself in the traditional sense of the word. I have confidence in myself that things always work out, and that even when it looks like everything is lost, I still find a way, etc. -- but that's not trust at all -- more like confidence (or delusion). the last thing that I'm ever going to start doing is to start to trust someone who has consistently shown that they're liars. it would be like, if I had to "trust" mom, cause in my opinion, she's not trustworthy. just look at the whole guardian-ship thing, and notice that when she's the principality over the thing, everything goes terribly wrong, and nothing works out according to my attraction. (it's fine in the end, because I realize I didn't want to start to rely/trust a medical system to solve my problems; the title says "solutions", but they were anything butt). in the end, I just can't trust any of these guys ever. I don't trust anything symbolic at this point (and that includes all agreements). I don't seem capable of being good at my word on agreements (I can only go in the direction of what's wanted), and I cannot seem to get others to be good at their word, either. mutual-back-scratching, and any sort of agreement just doesn't work for me.
		I've actually been thinking about this in the context of how I will talk to allie, because in the normal (agreement) way of doing things, I'd make an agreement or a deal with her, and say, "OK, I want to create this black-mirror-idea, and historically I've had sex destroy every project I wanted to work on, so in exchange for not having sex, I'll give you whatever you want" -- but that sorta sounds like an agreement or a deal to me, so I've realised actually that I need to just state my desire: "I want to create the black-mirror-idea, so for me that means not having sex. I figure once I figure out what's going on energetically (which is part of the necessary requirements to creating the black-mirror), we can have sex then. apart from that, I'll give you whatever you want" -- and just leave it at that. I state what I want, and make it completely unconditional: this is what I want, and I'm going toward that (end of story), and then just feel-purposefully from then on out.
	what does work for me though, is going in the direction of what I want (ie, what I *really* want). I've noticed over the years that a lot of the things that I thought that I wanted, I didn't *really* want them (tuenti, every girl I was with, nosebook's compliance with my demands, etc.), and so I've found that really the thing that actually works, is to just feel the way I want to feel -- and trust in the way I feel, as the propellant toward the future. however, if allie is involved, I don't really know how to deal with that, because I lose myself around other people, and I don't really know how *I* feel anymore -- cause I feel them so strongly. so, she's either going to become an extension af myself, and feel the way that I want to feel (if we're hanging out a lot), or I'll have to remove myself from her (because I don't want to feel the way that she feels). a lot of her feeling the way I want to feel (confident in myself, successful, not needing others/things to feel good, etc) will have to come with some massive changes to the way that she perceives life. I don't know if she's capable of that, and neither do I know if she wants to actually do it either -- but for the rest of this entry, I'm just going to assume she does (or someone around me does).
so, let's just assume for a moment that somehow it all works out, and that I am able to work on the black-mirror-idea, well, I imagine that about the time that I make the transition into working on the idea, that'll probably be around the time of the split -- because the saturnian crew probably won't be wanting any evidence that anything good came out of my efforts (cause that would teach people to be passive and not constantly fight against their efforts to manipulate) -- so *it'll get reangled to fit their narrative, for sure*. however, I don't think that all girls will go away at all -- but probably more like how it is here, they'll all get replaced with venus types (scripted girls that behave properly, and follow their symbolic programming). earth girls will continue to exist as well, because any strong emitter will produce a mars or aphrodite, and they probably want mars, but not aphrodite (though they can probably control the gender at this point) -- so maybe not.. dunno
	you know, one of the strange things about my time in utah is that the majority of the girls that are there are all of the archetype of aphrodite (XX reflector), and they go off to these missions and they get symbolically trained and put into the LDS system, and go home to become someone's wife. now, that someone is always going to be at least a vulcan or a saturn in perception, which is an odd combination, especially if he's a saturn. normally, saturn is paired with a venus, because she's symbolically trained to do all of the things that he needs her to do for him -- and it works out, because she was (symboically) created by him, and is therefore a reflection of him in a lot of ways, so she amplifies his own beliefs by reflecting them back to him (girls are annoying -- she's annoying; jesus is my saviour -- she helps him find more jesus, etc) -- but the mormons have essentially pioneered a way to get aphrodite girls (XX) to behave like venus girls (XY). an interesting thing indeed -- and it seems to work pretty well too (I think it has to do with the 2nd-ray installation, which has a lot of "good" and ideal ideas in it). it's possible that such a 2nd-ray intallation could work on earth, but I find it kinda doubtful that nosebook would actually come up with such a system with that much good or ideals in it.
venus girls (which saturn can create), can also produce vulcan girls, so they'll also be around, if vulcan girls are desired (they may actually become the alternative -- though not sure) -- but the thing that I have a pretty difficult time seeing is a cOntinual presence of solar girls. 
one of the main archetype changes that I can see happening (especially if the allie thing goes through), is that I've noticed that more and more of the solar girls are starting to go in the direction of "only doing what they want to be doing" and feeling-purposefully -- and I think it's a trend that'll continue on increasing (especially once the black-mirror exists) -- so I actually find it more and more improbable that they'll keep showing up here on earth at all. I don't know how much the black-mirror will affect the rest of the universe (there are billions and billions and billions of stars, so it could take a while), but just imagine a transition where solar girls just sorta stop showing up, because they're all doing the things that they want to be doing now, and don't need to sacrifice to create what they want. combine that with the fact that romeo (earth) also peaces out (ie, when saturn reangles my trajectory to fit some BS narrative), I think I finally understand what the play is really attracting (I think a lot (all?) of the tragedies are this way, actually).

### 2024-05-07 22:23 - thinking about my current situation (again)

I use the blahblog files especially to kinda talk things out. today, I started out digging up the crappy grass in the back back yard -- and something strange that I haven't been so conscious of experiencing since I was back in tuenti -- is that I just set my mind to doing the work, and I just kept doing things, then all of a sudden I sorta wake up from a stupor or meditative state or something, and a whole bunch of work is done. I remember doing it, and when I look at the ground, I remember separating that specific part of grass from the mud and all that -- so it's nothing magical or anything like that, just the steady progress while I'm in a sort of focused state (focused on what I'm doing -- though thoughts are coming into my head, I'm entirely focused on swinging the axe and pulling separating the dirt, grabbing the bucket, etc) -- and in that state, it just seems like I get an awful lot done in the same amount of time, as when I'm normally focused on the motors, and thinking about something else, and stuff like that. I seemed to have pretty good ease of going in and out of that state all day, and basically everything really feels easy. in addition to that, I'm starting to have a serious transition in how my "memory" works. I can often times remember things that are necessary and stuff, but I'm really only focused on what I'm doing now -- and that seems to be pretty productive (feels kinda like I do twice the amount in the same period of time), but it's getting harder and harder to remember irrelevant points in my past -- and I can't really put the events that happened in chronological order, without thinking about it, and linking together the fragments of memory using logic (I had to have done this first, because I remember X happened later). things are definitely becoming more and more *now* focused. it also seems to be having an effect on jaron as well (perhaps he's not as capable of being now-focused so much, and perhaps looses track of reality or something -- not sure).
(brb - 22:38) later on, while pulling weeds at remi's house I also started to get into that kind of now-focused sort of mindset, and it really started to become apparent to me that I'm definitely living on pluto, and the entire thing is just sort of a magical environment where the guys that have the capability, seemingly just conjure the stuff that they want (new car, or whatever) and it just works. I even tuned into the massive computer installations that they have here -- because once the technology is created on earth, the thing (whatever it is) can just be conjured. so they can just get millions of the new intel servers or whatever, just by creating them mentally. I also noticed that there are all kinds of astral machines that occupy the same space as physical space too -- so I may be looking at something like a box, and it appears empty, but inside of it is a machine that does something. I can't see them, but the majority of them seem to be some kind of resonators or something -- and then there are other things too, where property lines have distinct dividing lines between them, and (back when we had it) snow would melt differently on different properties, and weeds grow differently, and there's a definitely different feel between one property and another.
the more I'm beginning to perceive what's not physically there, the more I realise that this entire place I'm in is a completely artificial environment. I think it's probably possible that everything that I receive (all my emails and everything) are completely filtered out or blocked or something -- cause I just am not getting any emails from anyone other than --- seemingly someone approved or something. the last person [I've talked to was andy](../world-net/geometry-workspace.md) -- and as soon as I started writing about him, he stopped responding. very strange stuff. I guess you could say that I feel pretty isolated, but it's actually kinda awesome, because I'm finding the fact that fewer and fewer people want to be around me, to be kinda refreshing. I literally just do yard work all day, cause I really like how it feels to just do things with my body (as opposed to sitting or layying around).
	I took a break from yard work this afternoon and decided to sit in the garage (the chair that I picked up with greg a while back). when I sat in the chair, I noticed the the chair got moved, cause the energy felt way different. I moved it back to where I liked the energy and noticed that I had intuitively placed the chair so that I'm sitting parallel (just below) to the point of the garage roof. that got me thinking about the great pyramid, and when I went to giza in my mind, I noticed that the pyramid wasn't in shambles at all, looked really nice, and had all of its casing stones and everything. I then started to ponder about how here there seems to be a symbolic parallel world to the one that's on earth, but because it's symbolic (2nd-ray), everything looks considerably nicer. the garage door was open, cause I noticed I liked how it felt with it open -- so I just sat there and was thinking about it. paul called his cat, then a few minutes later opened his garage, but I stayed in my train of thought -- then jaron coughed really loudly -- but still fine -- then greg suddenly wanted to start looking for nails in the garage. I still maintained my train of thought, so greg initiated conversation with me "are you OK?" I told him I was fine, the roped him into a conversation about changing up a few things in the back yard that are kinda bothering me energetically. in the process, he was telling me another really bizarre story about how he had to pay $700 to install the air conditioner, and he did everything -- then he said the only thing the guy did was put these fastners on and some zip ties -- but I know that's not true because the zip ties were added only a few months ago, when another tube going into greg's shed appeared (the guy installed it like last year, so impossible). greg also said that he was the one that put the black spray mark on the shed -- when again, I know that's not possible because the spray mark happened when I walked over to the metal shed, while the guy was working on it, and he was fumbling with his tools and stuff while I watched him, and he made the spray while I was there -- so it couldn't have been greg. in fact, watching that guy make the spray mark (along with a few other blunders) is how I figured out that the repair guys here don't actually know how to use their tools, because they do everything mentally. I walk away, and magically it's done, and really well, but when I come to see them work, they have no idea even how to use the tools (or are just pretending to use them). anyway, the next bizarre thing that greg claimed is that one time when it rained really hard, "the whole yard was covered in water" -- and I told him, no it's only about a 10x20ft space that was flooded, and mom had some guys come out to dig out some trenches so the water could leak out -- but again greg claimed that no, he dug the trenches, claiming that he had to use the axe to do it, when the trenches are under a chain link fence, so I don't know how he did that, because the fence is in the way; there's no space for an axe to swing. I have no idea why greg keeps saying that he's doing all of this work which I clearly watched other guys do. very bizarre, but he did distract me from my thoughts about being on pluto and how the pyramid works and stuff.
the major thought that I was having while sitting in the garage chair is, I was thinking about the hercules (1997) narrative, where herk decides that he wants to stay on earth with meg. so in this example, let's say that I'm herk, and meg is allie: I'm thinking to myself, OK, so they're trying to get us together so that she (like the prostitues while I was working on tuenti) would bring me back down to physical/flat perception again, when/if we have sex -- and I'm back to being on earth again. then, there's the narrative in the-tick of the monkey that goes to space and is really smart, but upon returning to earth, goes back to being a stupid monkey again (and they make him head of the space program) -- well, imagine I'm the monkey, and the whole point is to put me back on earth where I'm not out in the more energetic (outer) part of the solar system. that brings m5 to the next narrative that I created of [verdan-forest](../shake-sphere/plays/verdan-forest.md) where we're in a bubble and "the-city" is all around us. so, if we look at this now from the solar perspective, if I'm going to the inner bubble, then that's going to be essentially everything from tiamat inward (mercury, venus, earth, mars) -- but according to shakespere, some time before juliet dies (see previous entry), mercutio/mercury bites the dust first -- which makes perfect sense to me because how in the world is something narrated going to continue on like that. I also would imagine that venus will undergo some massive changes as well -- and the inhabitants on venus will have to migrate to the the-city (the outer planets). but then, because I had the great pyramid on my mind, I was thinking about how I'd really like to dismantle the great pyramid, if I'm going to earth -- which again is in another narrative: the [lost book of enki](../nextdocs/sitchin/lost-book-of-enki.md) where ninurta (mars) dismantles the pyramid. the pyramid just isn't what I want to be doing on the planet, and I'd prefer to completely remove the atomospheric layer as we know it, and drop the ionnosphere down to ground level. that'd make every inhabitnt of the earth living inside of the conceptual space which the saturnian-system runs on. also the south pole will need to be changed, and a few other things. it'll become a blend of physical and conceptual in the same space, instead of how it is with the great pyramid, where the astral is symbolically defined, so as to create a medium with a finite speed of light (without it, light speed will be infinite).
	my thinking about dismantling the great pyramid certainly got some reactions to it -- because it means they won't have the ability to control us the way that they do presently. they'll be much more limited, to only using physical/tangible things and vibrations, and concepts (hydrogen) -- which, because they live in the symbolic (outer planets), any concepts that they change for us, they're also doing it to theirselves.
so here's the deal: they don't want me to do the black-mirror, cause that'll make them the ones in the center, and us the ones on the outside superior -- but not really though, because we're only attraction; it'll be the 2nd-ray installation which is a reflection of them which will be superior or ideal than they are. so they want me on earth instead, cause they think they can control us easier that way -- which is also fine, but if I'm on earth, I'm going to eventually turn it into a reflection of myself -- and while I may be a little less sharp, if I'm as sharp as I was after the prostitutes in tuenti, I'm still *really really smart* -- cause even still I was putting really profound concepts into code. I don't feel it's a problem.
then later tonight, when thinking about what I would write here (I decided to go long and tell as much as I can), I thought about the other narrative of the sirian-guide, cause there are two things that caught my eye: first, they say that a 2nd-ray can really learn to enjoy depression/suppression (the idea of being held back), which seems to imply that the 2nd-ray (I guess that's me), can learn to not need conditions to change in order to feel the way they want to feel. -- which somehow seems to imply that I'll be spending some time out here, longer than was narrated otherwise. cause like, my even before remembering that narrative today, I've been planning to just stay put for as long as I can out here. I don't see any reason to try and go anywhere else, as every day for me here is just getting easier and easier. I don't really care as much about anything anymore, and I figure that all of it can wait until I figure out what's going on and can make an educated decision -- though, I imagine I won't have to, because I suppose I'll just attract it. the second thing is about how it's time for humans to become receptive -- which, I can only imagine, that if I just stay put, and don't try to do anything, eneryg will keep rising, and all of the emitters will be blowing harder than ever, which (in the saturnain-system) probably leads to receptivity.
another narrative that I thought of is the one where innana descends into the underworld, and somehow turns men into women and women into men -- well, a long time from now, let's just imagine that the black-mirror-idea becomes a reality, and there are various 2nd-ray reflectors pointing at earth, and they're essentially collecting the souls of the universe into their 2nd-ray system (as a sort of heaven/afterlife), and there entites slowly begin to make their transition into only-attraction, and are born again on to the physical side, probably in female form -- then also all of the females that are there are going to be slowly gaining genetics that are also similar to mine (asd coming up with new ones too), cause only-attraction (barbies) are going to have very voloptuous bodies, there will be a gradient of women that are attractive, to others that are only-attraction -- and the only-attraction ones will be able to be like me, and have any form that they want -- so they too could become men, as well. that's another way to gain receptivity.
the last narrative that I thought of just before I wrote that last bit is a bit more sinister, cause in [dtp](../nextdocs/dtp/dtp.md), it talks about how at the end there's plenty of time to make the transition, and the ones that don't want to make it, will be (can't remember the words -- burnd or something about a crystal that deletes anything and sends it back to its source).
so, there you have it: it seems that my initial intutiion is correct, and I'm really desiring to just wait it out and stuff while I'm out here. I'm going to try and reangle my approach because I no longer feel anne anymore, so I'll just write my ideas to myself instead :) however, if disney is right and I end up making back to earth with meg, all is not lost at all, and I'm sure it'll only be time before the black-mirror (or something better) becomes a reality. I really want to create that (or something better) -- and if I have to wait it out or whatever, I guess that's cool with me -- and: OH well, I guess there's next time :)

#### 2024-05-08 13:50 - so what is it that I actually want?

it's the next day now, and instead of running out to do a bunch of work like I would have, I've been plagued with thinking about -- OK, well, if I'm not actually going to be staying here, then do I *really* want to go out and do yard work? for me, I think the answer is yes, because I really like how it feels (even though it's completely for nought). so then what are my goals then? well, I *could* just take the easy road, and just run away from the situation (though, details on how that cOuld possibly work out, are really cloudy) -- but then I'm still the same person that I am now (with considerable resistance), just in a new place. the nice thing that I've come to actually appreciate about my situation is that I'm actually forced to become lower and lower resistance.
	one of the things that I've noticed from all of the experience that I've had with my dream-state, is that in that state, I really don't find almost anything to be a problem at all. I'm constantly giving nosebook (greg, and the others that are controlling my life) more and more solutions to be able to contol me more. you would think that I *wouldn't* want to help them, but it feels alright, and as if nothing is going wrong. the difference between that state and normal state, is that normal state, I have all sorts of symbolic things that I think *should be*, or I need to have some condition met, before I'll give some information or whatever -- but in that state, I'm completely unconditional. I just don't really care about them getting a perecived (symbolic) edge/advantage on me at all
		probably cause it's all attraction anyway, so any perceived advantage that they seemingly have is only their own attraction, as I'm not symbolically/conditionally resisting it. for example: if they are asking for a solution of how to control me, then they're doing that out of a perceived (or fear of) loss of control -- which is what they're attracting more of. even if I give them the solution to give them more conditional/symbolic control, it won't be too long before their own attraction (a perceived (or fear of) loss of control) will get worse. no amount of conditions can solve their emotional/conceptual state, without a change in perception.
	I give them and others all kinds of tips on how to improve their perception on a subject as well, because again, it's no difficulty for me and actually improves m5 in the process; because in teaching it to them, I'm also refining and making more concrete my own techniques for improving my perception. it's really no big deal for me.
 however, if/when I'm around girls all the time, I won't have the same opportunity I have now to keep lowering resistance, because girls are easy. sure, some are annoying at times, or can be very demanding, but I don't really mind that so much. however, if a guy does the same thing, then I find it considerably more annoying -- and I'm not sure why that is.
	what I actually find most annoying about girls (which neither will be a problem), is when I'm considerably more awesome than the competition, yet they continue to pick the dolts over me -- but I've learned that has a lot to do with reflectivity, and attraction: for example, if she believes she's no good, or terrible, then she'll attract guys that are the same way as her. it doesn't matter how great I am, unless I can find a way to also see myself as no good and terrible, I'm not even considered. or, another example, if I'm looking for a girl that has some sort of difficult to find (rare) qualities, then she too (being a reflection of me) will also see me in the same way -- yet if a guy comes over to her with an "I'll take anything I can get" sorta mindset, then she (being a reflection of him) will look at him and think, "wow, I'll take what I can get -- and here he is". also I should be clear that I don't really find any of that very annoying anymore, because I see it all as attraction now.
so if I just chill out and just keep going here, then I get a lot of opportunities to continue to lower my resistance to where I'm like how I am in a dream-state. that's actually quite a valuable thing for me to accomplish, actually. I've come such a distance just learning how to become as low of resistance as I am now (knowing that it's all attraction), that I may as well use the opportunity that I have and just keep it going for as long as possible. plus, there are a few narratives about that -- most notably the one where neo is flexing and bending spacetime in the matrix, while the nebuchadnezzar is getting torn to bits by the robosquids -- or like milton in office space who never gets his red stapler (the things I've repeatedly requested), and so decides to burn the place down.
I don't really need to have any rush to any of this. they're the ones that put me where I'm at, and they're the ones who have to remove me, too. I want to create something, and since I'm in a location where I'm a genius poet-ape, why not take advantage of the space-genes?
I figure (and it's been a long question on my mind this morning), is if I'm going to go back to earth and be back to a shallow guy that's barely socailly perceptive again, I really think I want to stay out here for a while and continue to work on some of the ideas: do a lot more on the-manual-v2 (coming soon), and other projects and stuff too. learning to enjoy their symbolic system, is the key to lowering my resistance. --- but then, the other thing to think about is, if I'm on earth and I'm wanting to create stuff, they're probably not going to want that, so they'll probably be fighting that (which means I'll probably have enough chance to lower resistance with any setbacks we could potentially encounter).
I dunno... I'm still really on the fence on this one. I keep wanting to go for the "worst" -- so it feels wrong to me, to just be like "hey bea how's it going" -- (or whoever responds to me). it is obvious though that here isn't the right spot for me (nothing good comes from saturn) -- but then again... I dunno.

### 2024-05-08 16:59 - pues nada I guess

I decided I would try and message bea a few hours ago,-- so I pulled up her messenger profile, and the picture is red, and has a lot of feeling associated with it. originally I was going to write "hey bea how's it going" -- but I noticed some old messages: I messaged her in 2013 and sent her a picture of me with a beard and a thumbs up. I dunno how I managed to look that good (I was a wreck back then), and I was probably high, because I don't remember sending that picture, taking it, or writing the message. then mirroring my falseness, she responds something like, "you look funny with a beard. I'm trying to survive the spanish (economic) crisis. I also wonder about you from time to time and one day I'm sure one day your name will be very famous. saludos	:)"	-- so then (I must have been pretty high cause) I responded back by saying I hope that one day to hear news that bea has become a world renowned designer and stuff -- then I launched off into some rehashed abraham ideas about her looking at not where she is but where she wants to go (I must have sensed some inferiority in her saying that one day my name will be really famous) and then some words of "encouragement" -- to which she promply never responded. I can't blame her honestly, cause I was a total wreck, trying to recover using abraham's message while living at augustos and doing lots of drugs. but once again, notice the constant mirroring -- as it really took a lot of alcohol and dani practically pushing me toward her for us to even start talking in the first place. anyway, after reading those messages, seeing the picture of me a long time ago, and trying to feel what I was originally going to write in relation to her, I decided that writing in english has had a near 100% failure rate of her responding. when writing in spanish, I often times didn't make much sense, and so I should probably write in spanish. thinking about that, I tried to feel her, and now I'm essentially feeling her facebook/messenger profile, and how that persona interacts with people -- and I'm just like "naw, it's not gonna work" -- because the person that I feel when I would talk to her on messenger, isn't the same person that I feel [when writing to her](../shake-sphere/dear-bea.md) -- so I'm just like "nope" -- and I fell asleep.
when I woke up, I had an idea to write to her asking if she wants to talk to me -- so I translate the concept into spanish, "hola bea, quieres hablar conmigo?" -- then the responce was something like "sure what do you want to talk about" -- to which I would say, "no lo se -- por eso te preguntaba a ti" -- then another resoponce which I don't know how to translate into english or spanish (prolly something like "nose q decirte"), and so I end the conversation "pues nada" and just leave it at that.
	though that conversation happened in my head, the results are fairly accurate according to how I feel her messenger profile. I don't know if that's how she'll actually respond or not, but I don't really care.
I realise that "the medium is the message" -- and similar to how it was when I was talking to angie, the way that I feel her at a distance determines how I talk to her -- and so I just have to not do that.
after that, I make the realisation that I'm basically going to be in my situation until the very final minute (just like neo, and peter getting saved by milton burning the place down). I really have to wait until they kick me out, because here I can only talk to people that are around (all mars, vulcan, venus and saturn types -- all members of the saturnian-system), and none of them seem to like me -- then, if I try to communicate with anyone over a distance, I have to use a social media platform, and those mediums strongly shape the way that my concepts get formatted. they've locked all of the communication mediums down pretty well, which makes it pretty difficult for m5 to actually have a conversation with anyone (I tried discord and messenger so far, and both didn't work. I'm sure facebook won't work, cause I watch jaron use it all the time, and I haven't tried the new twitter/X platform). so, I decide that I'm just gonna enjoy my time here, because they're the only ones that can take me out of it, or let me go -- and go do some yardwork. outside, I was getting reactions as to why I've gone back to yardwork instead of trying to get out of their matrix.
	the long answer for this is I'm getting closr only-attraction now, and there's no real reason for m5 to fight against them -- and if you could imagine that this whole thing is a giant simulation (designed by me) where the bad-guys are specifically programmed to ensure that I cannot be using conditions, they'll never let me out (no matter how much it hurts them, cause that's how they're designed), I have to just play this one out until the very last moment. I'm really not concerned, and it even seems kinda fun.

### 2024-05-09 04:33 - the biggest-picture yet

last night, I carried on with the simulated conversations in my head for a while -- and one of the angles that I decided to try would be to ask bea was if she wanted to come over to visit me here.
	a long time ago (06-18-2009), I must have sent bea a message, (probably) requesting that we speak things clearly (decir las cosas claras), cause I remeber at that time I couldn't figure out how to talk to anyone, and I just wanted *someone* to talk to me plainly and openly. nobody I knew would just talk to me, and I was really trying to get bea to start doing that too, but she liked to remain hidden and keep large portions of her life a secret. anyway, it looks from the messages that I just keep trying to talk to her more and more clearly -- even one time being so bold as just asking her "hey I'm coming to tenerife, can I sleep at your house?" -- to which she responded "nope" (lol). I do remember that period of my life I just kept getting more and more frustrated that nobody wanted to speak clearly, and I was starting to dispair a bit on how in the world I would ever find anyone that would be compatible with me (ie, who can speak clearly) -- anyway, reading those conversations inspired me to just speak to her (in my mind, simulating conversations with that facebook profile)
so I asked her if she wants to come over to visit me here in the usa, but I absolutely do not want to have sex or anything like that (cause the sense that I get is that in all of the conversastions that are on messenger, with all of my requests to see her and stuff like that, she must have thought that every one was with the intention to eventually have sex), and so I explained that I have various/many reasons why I don't want to have sex, which I can explain. she said she wanted me to explain. I explained that (I may sound a bit paranoid but) I live in an artificial reality where everything is cmopletely controlled, and I don't really do a whole lot, but one of the things that I've come up with here is a new project that's quite ambitious, and I really want to do it (called the black-mirror), and I've noticed a pattern in the past where sex has consistently derailed every project I've ever worked on, and the ones that worked out, have been without sex -- so no sex. I've been over a decade without it (probably longer depending on your definition of sex), and I really have no intention of returning back to it until my project is complete. -- anyway, after some conversing a bit, the idea comes up that k-prime is really "liada con su novio" (tied up with her boyfriend) -- and that got shot me off into a whole diffreent set of conversations. one reaction was like "what do you think?" I'm like, "well, if I knew about her before, then I suppose I'd have a reaction to it, but I never knew her, and if that's what she wants, then that's what she wants". I don't interfere with other people in that way. she is (in my opionion) of the age where she's old enough to make her own decisions, so I have nothing to say.
	I also talked a little bit about my sisters and how I just have to let them go and figure out their own way of doing things. (incomplete)
at that time, I had a pretty big realisation as to why it's that way, and so I explained it in terms of earth: the reason why the earth has become the centre of the universe, is because earth girls are basically willing to sleep with anyone. they're naive and easily deceived, such that it's really easy to take advantage of them. because earth is a reflection of the rest of the universe, each time that happens, the earth is gaining more and more density, by being the receiver of so many of these guys vibrations -- which it then turns into their desire for them (earth always gives them what they want). well, I too am just like the earth girls too, in that I reflect all of their vibration and give them what they want. each time that the earth girls and the earth vulcans absorb their energy, the earth (which is reflective) is containing all of their energy, ensuring that all of these guys are born into (reflective) mars bodies [I'm not happy with this explanation. I'll explain it again/better in the future]
after that I explained the big-picture of what's happening: somewhere a long time ago (I would imagine around the time of jesus), a new set of bad-guys got introduced to earth, worse than the infected-ones, and they are designed (by me) to absolutely ensure that I (earth) never ever get any good conditions: the earth girls are to always be with dolts, and the earth boys (mars and vulcan) are also never to get what they want either, which is why they have to form factions and symbolic systems, continually fighting over conditions amongst each other.
	so, just to explain, the saturnian guys, construct these mercury and venus types to ensure that the conditions of earth are the way they want them to be. mercury (forget about venus for now) is a scripted emitter, and so when he's sent off to sabotage these earth girls and guys, when the earth absorbs their energy (usually though sex -- like k-prime and her bf in the simulation), it's absorbing the saturnian guys energy as well -- with the long result is that all saturnian guys are actually occupying mars' (aryan) body, and so therefore are now reflective.
therefore, when these guys are all in the same faction (circle of trust), then being reflective of one another is fine -- but if they get around someone like me, then they become a reflection of me -- which they definitely do not want to do, because I contain all of their attributes, but in a more improved state,-- and for whatever reason, they don't want to improve, or let anyone else have any superiority on them. I'm a serious problem for them, because I'm constantly improving, so it's taking exponentially more and more effort to keep me down.
now, the way the saturnian-system works, is that they can move theirselves around in time by adjusting things to the symbolic system that they want -- and if they can get others to believe that symbolic system is real and has power, all those that believe their illusion, join them in their timeline. so when these guys are all ensuring that I (or anyone else) don't have an advantage on them, they're isolating themselves, by getting others to believe their illusion: "we're the ones that believe that the conditions of the earth are divided up according to our agreements" -- and they setup amongst theirselves their agreements, deciding what that will ultimately be, and each time the people that have a different (LOA-based -- the stuff that jesus originally taught) perception of reality, don't get included into that timeline; they get replaced by a mercury or venus (and the cycle repeats).
so, now, looking at this from my perspective, I'm the #1 proponent of a perspective that doesn't work inside of their symbolic system -- and so they have to continually ensuring that I never gain any control or power on earth, which will rival or put into jeapordy their setup -- so they have to keep sabotaging anything I want -- which is fine. eventually, they're going to be able to take everything away from me and ensure that I don't get any of the stuff that I've attracted; and that will be a timeline all of their own. on that timeline, they win completely, and have totally defeated me, which can only exist in a symbolic system, without any attraction, and so they'll find theirselves entirely inside of their own system.
now, when it comes to details, if indeed k-prime exists, there is no possible way that they'll be able to let me around her (either she or I would be too powerful), so they have to keep her in their system. I figure that besides her though, all the other women (by the time they've completely defeated me) will have either died (from beliefs which cause emotional difficulty/trauma), or they'll figure out what I've figured out, which is how to guide theirselves with their emotion. those women can be at any stage of development in an attraction/receptive based system, and it's fine (they don't need to be completly non-resistant, like I'll have to become).
for the men though, I'm not 100% sure of anything, but my suspition is that, they'll either have to become energetically receptive (like me), which is fully non-resistant (only-attraction) and without a pinecone, because the male body is an emitter by default, and isn't very receptive at all.
	well, I mean, it is *kinda*, but kinda receptive means that there's still emission, and for most people, that emission happens inside of the head (from the pinecone). I have that disabled, so any emission that I perform gets manifested out into the world, and not into my head -- so I literally have to live with all of my bad ideas. not everyone is ready to lose their pinecone just yet, because most people like having privacy (of their own head). so any male who wants to do the same thing as me (and actually become only-attraction), is prolly going to be fine -- just I'm telling you, the symbolic structure that we're born with, and the one that venus/society teaches (what *should* happen, what's "right" and "wrong" -- etc) aren't helpful for perceiving the world from a system of only-attraction.
unfortunately, the above statements sound like an "end of the world" sort of thing, but it's probably not going to be like that for everyone (I'm speaking about the reflectors, which earth has collected the essence of, and the saturnian-system has caused them to group together into self-reflecting factions). I find it very plausible (certain?) that 2nd-rays will continue to exist out there in the universe just like they are now, because there are lots of stars, and the male 2nd-rays are part of that whole cycle. though many/most have an earthly presence, I don't know what happens to those entities, because they belong to the stars and they aren't going away anytime soon. so, if I had to guess, for them it'll be more like a solar regime change. (also, I want to create a massive 2nd-ray system, which if that works out, they'll actually get all the better, more ideal stuff than we/us physicals: a more ideal environment, instantiations of us, better graphics, etc). I really wouldn't be concerned.

#### 2024-05-09 10:22 - what do I mean, becoming low-resistance?

[man, there have been a lot of reactions to the above entry. I'm probably going to have to take it in bits. this one is the first one to tackle.] well, I don't really know what it means for other people, but in my case, I'm living in a symbolic system where I don't have any control over my conditions. so, that's going to be step one there: live in a place where you're not able to have any control over any conditions, and still feel good about it, and don't really fight it.
	for example, I grew up in a cult, and the guy on top made all of the decisions for everyone's life under the general term of "God's will/guidance",	and I remember talking to dad about it and saying, "I think this guy is making a bunch of stuff up, cause he says that the bible says this (it doesn't), then tells us to do this when the bible doesn't say to do that, etc." and I formed a case to show dad that I think the system that we're in is a bunch of BS. I didn't really fight it (I only told dad about it), and I didn't let it affect my relationship with my (only) other friends in the church. we eventually left that, and again when I was at paznaz (pasadena nazarene), again, I'm noticing that this place is just another social structure that's not what I really wanted.
I also had a brain haemorrhage to where I could also no longer rely on m/ physical abilities anymore (I was very strong and athletic before that), and again I had to just take it from wherever I'm at, and just keep improving on things. those improvements continued on until it started to take massive staturnian-system intervention to take down the inertia of improvement that I'd built up. so there's probably step two: no longer need to rely on physical capability, stature, or appearance, for a way to feel good -- and yet continue to improve and feel good.
the last step(s), I'd say are to have all family, friends, and any other social relationships (wives, husbands, allys, whatever) all stripped away as well, so that again there's nothing left that one can depend on external to theirself propio, and still be able to feel good. [I'm realising that this is starting to sound a lot like the book of job].
basically, I look at non-resistance to be the same as the dream-state. in it, it's possible to fly, manifest anything desired, and concepts are easy to tune into and retrieve desired information from; and in it, I don't have any conditions about who should do what and what should happen. all information is freely given (to anyone in my dream-state) and freely received as well; there's no perception of power or status, and everything feels harmonious and resonant (one) with a person that's low resistance like that. all things just *are*, and I feel no repulsion toward anything, and instead only attraction to things that seem interesting, -- which can even be people or things that normally, I'd have resistance toward. also, I no longer need to fight or to get away from situations I (symbolically) consider "bad" any more. in fact, the thing that wakes a person up from a lucid dreaming state like that are the (symbolic) cares and conerns that we associate with reality. when theso are gone, a person is completely free and non-resistance. so if you can be like that in waking reality, too -- then you've got it.
