# dear-xagly

### 2024-05:31 04:00 - talking it out

hi xagly :) a while back when preparing weed, I had an idea to msg you and see how's it going -- but it didn't feel right then. then a few times more recently (since my birthday, I think), the idea has returned to me. I think the reason why I haven't done anything about it, is because I don't like to make any action when I'm stoned -- so I'm waiting to get sober again. anyway, this morning I "microdosed" (mom says she doesn't mind if I "microdose" -- and she's usually right about stuff) -- so I've been doing a bit of that lately (yesterday and this morning). what that means though, is that I'm totally in m/ head on this, and not at all in my body -- so I'm going to *talk* it through here, cause the weed makes it difficult for me to feel my emotions. however, I will say that before I took the drop (of weed), I felt really really good about sending you a message -- so (unless this or some other thing causes an EOD (evolution-of-desire) it's likely what I'm going to be doing -- so be prepared I guess). I noticed when sitting in the garage chair, that I could easily tell you my game plan without a problem -- so I decided I would do that.
yesterday, when thinking about [what I wrote to allie](/dear-allie.md), I realised that my first step I think is to clone myself bofore any interaction with too many non-venus (symbolic types). here, I *exclusively* interact only with symbolic people. they're all scripted, and it works out fine because being scripted, there's very little attraction. I feel very little to none attraction to m6m, kinda a lot toward remi (but it's not like overpowering or anything), and very few others. anyway, that's kinda how I want to keep it for a bit -- and not be around the unscripted girls (unfortunately like you are -- which is why I'm writing to you). the reason is, when I was writing to allie, I was explaining to her that I'm pretty basic right now. I don't have much (any) knowledge of what works with girls anymore (which I can apply and not be an emitter). I can only really feel and respond to her -- and fortuntely for her, that m5ans that she's going to have to kinda "train m5" to do the things and respond to her the way that she wants m5 to respond. all of them will be like that. I'm completely a human full-sized doll in that sense.
well, I want to make the ken-doll thing a reality -- and if I just stay isolated and clone myself like this, every boy and girl who gets (purchases?) a ken-doll will have to teach him how they want him to be. he's quite malleable, and very accepting of others (basically zero resistance), which means that if you can imagine me being a way, then I will be that way. the sky really is the limit to anyone's belief too -- like some people may want to envision me as a cOnquering dictator, where they can win the world with force, and othes may just want someone they can cuddle with and have do their chores. both are possible with me right now, which is why I want to clone myself *now* -- because if I start interacting with allie, or with you -- or anyone else also malleable, the (cOnceptual) part of me that gets cloned, will include strong reflections of you or allie, or whatever. obviously an uncontaminated specimin is im9ossible, but I think it's even possible to (once we've isolated what is "resistance" in the form of preference (and other things)), and even lower resistance ken-dolls can be built. so yeah, I have to talk to anne first. that's my first obvious step.
	I want to treat this idea of marketing and creating a product of myself means I'm going to take it seriously: there's going to be more than one version, cause I plan on future versions to continually add new features. I'm actually planning on making even more versatile versions of myself -- because let's say that one of the ken-dolls just loves being the cEntre of a bukakke (sp? I don't want to search it) -- well, then that's fine (cause I don't care). it's not likely that I'll ever actually want to *be* that guy (or see from his perspective -- like how I feel about *everyone*), but it's OK to me that he exists, and that someone likes him. I actually want him to be as versatile as possible, and completely capable of *anything* that anyone belives him capable of (ie, the limitation is the owner/controller's limitation, not his).
	essentially, I'm exploiting my centre/foil perspective here, as I'm allowing him to become a reflection of anyone else's percption (centre,foil,reflector), but also has the added ability to emulate someone else (actor), and also to be symbolically defined (like a mercury is) -- so I replace mercury, essentially as saturn's go-to guy (this is actually already true). this allows me to make the product that my handlers have made me, an actual product which those who are lonely can use, or those who are ambitious, can use as a combat/work/sales force.

### 2024-07-26 05:46 - I can't help you.

you have to figure it out on your own. -- and when you do figure it out, I'd love to hear about it. I'll give you a doobie or two/few to explain it in depth :)
