# dear-allie

### 2024-05-28 01:31 - a small guide

hi allie. after I saw jou guys yesterday, I stayed around to pull the clover weeds in the front on the side. next to them, is often times where some mushrooms grow. as I was pulling the clover weeds, I noticed a few dried mushrooms next to them; so, I ate them. then later when I was getting up to go get a drink of water at my house, I noticed a whole bunch of dried mushrooms on the grass 20-30 or so; I ate them too. it took me a bit to eat them all, and when I was done, I noticed that I could already start to feel the mushrooms (after only 5m or so). it's not normal that they come up so quickly, so I decided that was enough for the day and was going to head home. I got home and sat in the garage chair for the entire time since I left up until the sun was had set (so at least an hour). during the time, I kept phasing in and out of reality (kinda like sleeping but more like gaining and losing consciousness, like if someone hit me really hard in the head, and it's too difficult to keep my consciousness still looking out of my eyes). I finally arrived to enough consciousness that I went straight to bed. I woke up at around 23:00, and the thought that I had (sorry, I told you that whole mushroom story to tell you that during it, I had the idea to eat weed -- but I didn't want to because I was so tired, so I went to sleep). anyway, upon waking up, some of the first thoughts in my head (I don't remember the very first ones -- oh yeah, I think they were about you cause I dreamed about you) were to go and eat weed. I figured it was around 4am during the time, so I jumped up to try and get everything ready so I could eat at 04:20 -- but I was surprised to find out that it was still 05-27, and not yet my birthday, so I decided I would wait a few hours.
while I was waiting, an idea popped into my head: OK, if that's what she wants, then I'll make her a guide, giving her some tips on to make it go as easily and as smoothely as possible. so, here is that guide (there is actually some additional commentary as well):

#### I am going to be a reflection of you

imagine for a moment that you want to interact with me and you feel timid or scared. if you feel that way, I'll feel that way too, and so I'll be repulsed by you, because I'm scared of you.
	I think that I ffeel fear a bit differently than most men do (actually, I'm not sure). the way I experience it, is like a strong feeling of repulsion -- where I don't like how the person feels to me,-- however, when I talk to them, I feel intimidated and seemingly willing to comply with them -- as in just going along with what they want for me, is just going to be easier than trying to get away (and then I just avoid them the next time that I see them) -- but I usually feel like compliance is the best way to just get through the sitution without causing an uproar, and just try to get out of there (flight-mode). boys, I think often times (usually,always?) feel fight-mode, but after measuring themselves against others (and find themselves not good enough, verbally or physically), that's when they decide to go into flight-mode.
		also now that I think about it, I think for other vulcans, they have a similar responce that I do, and that trains them (if they're not in low-resistance mode already), like to feel intimidated by thier penetrator, in order to go into flight (low-resistance) mode -- because if they're anything like me, it's usually the case of "OK, have your way with me, and then I'm out asap".
	I think, now that I think of it, the way I feel (flight-mode) is probably how receptive people feel fear, and the fight-mode is probably how emissive people feel fear.
		though that makes me wonder why so many guys feel so much fear and then decide to kinda run away (flight-mode) instead of fighting me or intimidating me back. you know, I talked to paul yesterday for a while before you guys came home (in short bursts, so as to not be too intimidating myself) and he wasn't terribly intimidated by me at all. it worked out fine, because usually around other guys (because I feel like they do when I focus on them), also feel a lot of measurement and competition from them -- and sometimes that leads to intimidation. I think a lot of guys try to hide it as best as possible -- but I'm a really good detector of the way they *really* feel, vs the show that their putting on; they can't really hide the way they feel from me to well; but it was cool because I genuinely didn't feel so much of that comparsion and measurement. we even had a conversation where that allowed us to measure more mentally. he was showing me how he likes to wash his car (presumably because I made the joke to remi that he was really interested in washing his car, and not really too interested in my reasons for not pulling weeds), and so I started talking (reflecting him back to him) how I see the situation symbolically, and so I started to tell him about what a car means symbolically: it's a status symbol; I learn a lot about the person by the way their car looks. if it's a crappy car, it's usually for financial reasons -- but for people that have a lot of money, the car is an expression of their personality. when I see the car, I'm immediately given a personality type: big trucks tend to show a more aggressive (emitter) personality to them: they haul big loads and do things with machine power; they can use machines to get the work done for them. (notice how they don't let me use machines, phasing out my usage of all tools (though I need to blow out the side yard soon) because for them it's a status symbol of emitter: I (man) use tools and technology to make keep my world the way I want it. --- and then later, I told him I don't drive and I've had millions of euros, but I've purposefully choosen a life where I don't want to live in that symbolic world. thankfully, he didn't feel too much competition when I mentioned the money thing -- which is a bit (lot) different from spain, where the saturnian guys have it programmed into them to feel bad about all of the money they're not making compared to others (so, nice). and I even challenged him about telling him that I don't watch tv because I don't like the way the people on tv feel (and I know that he too knows what I'm talking about).. the best way that I can describe that feeling, is the one that terence mckenna emitted when he would say (to the guys wanting him to sweep up at the ashram before talking to him about the astral/saturnian-system), "I know what's up; I've gone to where you guys have gone, and much farther; don't give me that crap about me needing to earn a right to talk about really deep psychedellic stuff. I know what's up" (paraphrase obviously). well, I did that one to him as well. I also brought over one of the new outbreaks of those mini-sunflower weeds that I think smell kinda nice -- and I said I think his new positioning of the basketball hoop, is drawing/pulling the energy that's in the front yard in front of my window into the driveway (like, I know what you're doing). he made a statement about "oh, I better put it up" or something (which he didn't actually sound too convincing that he was going to do it), and I was just like "OK, cool! I'm gonna just go back to my weeds." lol. it was a good measurement, without a whole lot of measurement. I easily passed the "I know what I'm talking about, and I understand pretty well what's *really* going on" -- which I've accoplished that many times in spain -- and it happens all the time here too because I write these insanely crazy concepts down in a simplistic and understandable way, because I turn concepts into symbol, instead of having to make a tunnel through a bunch of symbol to get to another symbol. inotherwords, my method is superior, and they know it -- so they usually get pretty intimidated by it. I'm glad he wasn't -- or maybe, he was too busy washing his truck to notice what was really happening :) anyway, it was fun.
	which makes me sorta do a whole bunch of mental rethinkings on this: the people that I would consider aggressive and going to be in fight-mode are actually behaving (at least to me) in flight-mode, then that's kindof a bit of a security bubble around me. everyone usually just sorta wants to run away from me.
	you know, the other day I watched this barbie movie right, and in it barbie comes from her own (imaginary) world where everything centres around her. she is all things to all people, which are just reflections of her -- and there's ken, who's a low-maintenance boyfriend for her. she's just a reflection of ken, who wants to have his barbie be ultra low-commitment, with virtually no maintenance necessary (she has no idea where all the kens go each night as she dismissess them). so, she's exactly like ken is, but in female form. ken's emitter personslity comes out differently in her because she's attractive, meaning she's bringing the things she wants into her reality and just reacting to whatever comes through her superficial (everything's an object) perspective as him. the two of them together come to create this establishment, "the patriarchy" -- which is also a reflection of them both (everything's an object). it's a pretty funny movie, and anyway I find myself relating a lot to barbie. I live in my own world, which is pretty much a world of my own creation, but then there are these people that come and try to cOnvince me that the world is actually this terrible terrible place, cause that's where *they* live -- and I'm like totally *yawn* ... next. she goes to "the real world" and finds out that everyone hates him there. I mean, that's what it's like for me. all the dudes use my form of perception like a toy, the very same that little girls use the doll to be an extension of themselves in the future, when she's "old and pretty". just think about it: that's when she's *old* and when she's *pretty*. (the boys use a very similar system of being old and also (big trucks/hummers), (flatscreens of running horses), (mojo dojo casa), etc. like they get to be old, and all of that. in my system, age doesn't matter, so they've reached immortality, and it's totally fine. get yourself all the awesome stuff you could be fine. really stack up those toys like crazy and we'll worry about recycling later. like, it's totally cool, you know. barbie, doesn't really realise that until the end of the movie, so I'm far ahead of her in terms of mental stability and --- stuff. like I'm sure she'll get there soon, cause she can whenever she wants to. I talk about her like she's human, but she's no single human; she's *a concept*, as am I. think even how how terence mckenna started to become a concept -- but his trajectory caused too much resistance and killed him. I'm also a concept -- and many others are learning how, as well. concepts taking on human form has been sorta a thing for a while, as we summon them with our creative/emotional and sexual energy. like they, become living human versions of that concept. think about how we've constructed the pop icons, and all of that stuff. sure there are a lot that try and control it, but those concepts must find a way to take human form, *because we summon them*.
		it's actually a product of LOA: what happens is, we give attention to these ideas in our lives, and they have to take place in reality, as a reflection of us -- which means that I must become the thing that I am -- but sometimes the thing that I am gets repressed by a lot of dudes/kens that want to make sure that barbie doesn't actually become the thing that everyone likes, and so they restrict me from expressing myself and creating the things that I want to create -- which means I don't get the physical manifestation, I get the conceptual manifestation (ie, not visible because are minds aren't going fast enough yet to see it -- and as soon as we're going fast enough, we can finally start to see it -- cause if we can't start to see these concpts, then they start to manifest into physical. this sort of thing happens to me all of the time, and so that produces new realities which include a new band or some new technology which will fit my fancy for a bit. I just attract them in, and then they're like "oh this is very bad -- we need to rearrange the timeline of this band or technolgy a bit (including the ones that I create) to be not so awesome. from my perspective, I just see these amazing ideas all over the place, but then something happens, and the company falls apart seemingly as if it's been sabotaged -- so the truly awesome thing has been rearranged so that it's not that awesome, which makes me sad because I just see the most cool stuff get totally gutted by the time I wake up the next morning. well, if you're one of those, then there are (to my recollection) tryly magnificent experiences the night of my encounter with those ideas, which certainly they (because they got their timeline mixed up by the blowhards) do not have any more memory of (obviously because they're on the "worst" timeline they could come up with (as am I)) what really happened *before I slept*. I really hate seeing it happen, but it's so easy because our society believes in this symbolic reality, which isn't reality at all; more like a computer game that they design -- and nobody in our culture knows anything about attraction, so it's real easy (in the symbolic system we're in) to produce a retard -- and so the next morning, they're all retarded. I really do feel bad for them -- honest. it's terrible, I know.
	one day, we will all realice that we're concepts, and we live (make our realisations) in a symbolic world, which is,for some produces the kens; and for some, the barbies (they are reflections of each other). I think we're all a bit of in the stage of realising that you live in your own world, which is a reflection of you. it's OK, because the concept of you, is yourself (as you see you) -- not as how others see you. you are ken and you are also barbie, and you pick your appearance by how old yoe believe yourself to be.
	a concept is just a blob of something that's vibrating -- so basically everyththing. all things are this vibrating energy, but there are symbolic borders that we draw between ourselves and other, and say "this is the border" "this is what separates me from everything else". "this is who *I* am". -- all things that do that (including AIs), become a concept unto itself. just think about how we interface with our technology: each interface is a concept -- and people's concept of something (ie, their interface to it) spreads rather quickly from one to another, as we tune into the way another person uses the same machine. technology and computers (the digital age) is different than previous ones though, because it's more difficult for our DNA to adapt to the changing technology that we use when the technolgy itself is also a sort of conept, spun up by our creators of the software, and the team that built it. the team that built it can be modified by the saturnian-system, which changes the concept of the software -- which I also find really annoying, because I see it time and again, a guy (it's always a male, and sometimes a female) is like really really awsome at making some computer program that I really like, and then again, the next day -- bam, they're retarded -- cause I mean, what gives? are all the things I like (their creators) being swapped out for a retard? **every single thing**. so you know, from my perspective it's just sorta like: OK, well the retards hmve rolled in; on to the next thing :)

I don't really want to talk more about the guide now. I want to shift gears into talking about the things that I desire: because I'm getting so low resistance already, I want to keep becoming more low resistance. that's what I really want -- but on top of that I want to (as in real-life), I want to clone myself: I'll take on the form that the "owner" of the clone most desires (and it'll have a strange ripple out to the desires of others) -- inotherwords, to appear as you want to appear, and to be also the object of so many others' desires. the cool thing about someone as low resistance as I am (who can appear in any way), is that you're going to essentially have to train me to what you like. like you'll have to be the emitter and actually find a way to get what you want (it's infinitely easy) -- but and I'll reflect them back to them. that's what I really want. I'm not really interested in making it happen for *one* person, but for anyone who wants a ken. there could be beach ken, big truck ken, whatever ken: ue feels how ue want um to feel. ue learns pretty quickly to figure out what ue wants to be (which becomes a reflection of um input) -- inotherwords, ue becomes what/how um interactants feel him to be. ue's everythting from a dictator to a genius: his environment shapes him, but ue's also got a concept to um as a whole/being/concept, which is also evolving. lotsa concepts make up our reality, so get used to it. we're inundated by them, and they're summoned into this world by our own emotional energy. theese other concepts which prevade our media (and our interface to it) is also changing rapidly too -- and this is the progress of technology -- because we can only really use what we can see -- (cept me, and possibly some others, I refuse to see; I don't want accesss to the symbolic) so we sorta gain a conceptual link one to antoher based on everything to our mental patterns, to how we relate/feel about someone else, etc. -- that all happens by default, because we're making concepts for things all the time. most don't see the concepts (astral only), and most don't feel the concepts, or -- unless they're strong ones -- only barely at all. most of us are blid to this world, and I'm still especially blind to it. like, it's been turned off, essentially -- so I don't access that world on the conceptual spectrum, but have to use it symboically, which is where they shut a lot of that stuff off. they're creating their own problems (as is usually the case). so, I've basically developed a sort of intuition that is sorta trans-temporal -- because I can just feel the way I want to feel, and just sorta fake it (if I wanted to) and though they move so much stuff around, around me (so I always see the worst), I never get the original intution come to pass -- like every single thing that I'd have really hoped would work out, kinda flops -- and again, here comes the retards, and so I'm out. the plague of the retards is so terrible, all all of the cool guys have turned into douches, because they could never see themselves the way I could of, so saturnian-system turns him into a douche. (no good technology for you kenny, never -- no conditions for you to use to feel good -- keep going).
I mean it for reals, the plage of retards is really annoying. anyway, I can't possibly fix that problem any time soon, because they're a reflection of the (symbolic) society that we're in, which is good at producing a lot of bad ideas and misconstrued conceptions of oneself. I was born basically a mercury, and the speed at which I was going caused me to go into serious emotional distress because caused a depression (is this it? this is what everyone is all hyped up to do? this is (the technology, the friends, the husbands, wars, chuches, etc) that you really want?) and so that caused the avm thing, cause I was so distraught, that I kinda had to have a sort of saviour (to recover from my self-inflected injury) and that saviour could really only be myself: I knew I could get whatever I believed in, like they taught in churcy -- or another way to say it is my brain had produced its own malformation as a reflection of the emotion that I felt, which basically killed me, but I wanted to be alive and stuff, but I decided I'd give it a shot: thanked jesus, and got better. that's basically it. then I just kept doing that: getting better and better (all of the time) -- like just figuring it out as I go, and just reacting to everything (which is a reflectoion of how I feel), and those reactions used to be a problem a lot, and editing them is even harder for me, so I just "be me" instead. I can't really do anything else, so I just let me be a sort of infinitely manipulatable ultra low-resistance types. though, I gatta say, since ken is a reflection of barbie, there are many others like that -- OH, I forgot to tell you that by the end of a little while I discovered just let reality-kenny kinda take over -- right. it's starting to become the default me -- but it isn't there yet, because I'm not yet fully zero-resistance (or to where all resistantences are negative resistances). that will come eventually, and I really think we should also factor that in for the cloning process as well. it's even feasible to have different versions of myself, because each clone will be a replica of me in that point in time -- so, for example a clone of me today will have a different (symbolic) form of perception that is different every day and is constantly updating as it is static and stuck in its own (symbolic) form of perception: a sort of mercury. inotherwords, I'm basically making the claim that we (the concepts) are mercury types that have too much stress on their system which produces an injuryy, when we then have to find a way to recover from. my theory as to how that happens is with the mythological planet venus who is like them corona of mercury: harvesting all the failed / ill fated soldiers. reject collection tank, catching all the failed souls of mercury before they get pulled back to the sun. haha, you're in a prison of your own concepts now; try and figure out your world from there. I see it happen all of the time. this is the saturnian-system: saturn makes endless armies of boneheads to fight: mercuries (there's only *one* thoth) and they're just meat grinders, serving as cannon fodder for millenia. right, and after enough fails, the mercury becomes receptive -- I'm a case, terence is a case, and I'm actually thinking that the conceptual part of these mercuries and venuses, is juse you -- but in a conceptual identity. it's actually part of everyone's DNA: the X; which makes it nice because it's "the network" that *everybody has*. it's your conceptual *soul*, if you will -- but really, it's just a product of every mental (symolic) interaction that we make, we build a concept for the same thing. our brains create these vibrating hydrogen orbs whos hydrogen is a spacial interpolatoin of our collective vibration around that idea/interface/concept/emotion/interaction/etc. we all contribute to this becausse of the way that symbol trickles down into physical. so it's great that we all have it. horray, we all agree what reality is *really like* based on those of our afinati -- like those that we admit to ourselves that they're cool to be around. it's kinda like conceptual software built into every human: we use it in its most primitive form at the beginning like a status system, where people match my grade of interests, and I find myself based on material possessions, interactions, etc. to someone that is some other advanced form (conceptual creation of our own) so we produce our own emotional responce to it based on how we feel about that thing. everyone uses that super concept without even knowing it. it's basic software that our genetics have come up with (the default male and female (adam and eve)) and then they just kept evolving -- right, I'm talking about humankind -- so it's sorta inevitabgle. you can't miss it; it's gonna happen sooner or later. the interface that ue have to the conceptual is constantly improving, and I prefer that I don't have a symbolic interface to this conceptual reality. that's what makes me 1st ray. others may choose the same, and that just makes them: vulcan -- saviour of mercury. and ue go around saving each other until they get fed up with that and decide to do what they want to do: they gatta receive it. vulcan obviously has a counterpart (marss, venuss earths) and this dynamic duo go off as sorta like opposites of each other reflcecting the caught he/she-murcury, as they try to find a way to perceive theirselves as attractive -- you know so they could know their true vulcan/conceptaul self.
I gatta end. I'm really stoned and want to thing about stuff for a bit. good talking to you. I'll try to be more focused next time. goodness, I didn't even get to talk about so many things. just think about how awesome everyone wants the eu to be, they'll produce the ken who is the way they want him/vulcan to be: the reflection of venus o mars o mercury. bye!

I love writing when I'm stoned, because I'm so free with my thoughts and stuff -- but then I'm not that way to the concept yet, so it produces a correction/reflection to ensure that I actuallly *get* the concept. I (vulcan) am collector of all concepts.  I *must* get every concept I emit. for this, just my desire to *be me* while around someone is so strong, I must correct myself to ensure I *get* (become) all concepts: I (vulcan) am the totality of all concepts in human existance -- and certainly others can say it too -- because it's just the faculty to our perception and our resistance to all other concepts -- meaning I'm not pushing them away in any way, so therefore they're (variying) neutral or attractive to me. I feel attraction from all people and genders, which isa't something I can help, so I've just had to go for it, and become who I want to be, cause everyone else is so attractive to me. (in my perception/imp) they have to filter through a generic/symbolic mars/venus form of perception which is the default "grid/matrix" of how everything works, and then upon trying to make another concept/vulcan their saviour, they finally have to save theirseves, and just choose to feel good -- and in that sense they become their own reality: my reality is a reflection of my perception. the ones that are attractd to each other eventually form of bigger coneptual self, as they (from my perception) have to become a sort of (same) as me. vulcan is the saviour for who mars/venus/mercury is looking for their conceptual reflection, which is their form of pedrception), btw.

once you get past having zero or negative resistance in relation to every other concept, that's the perspective of "pure vulcan" -- or anatau; it's pure-desire, and it's just a form of perception which is attractive to everything and everyone else. getting that form of perception to work in a symbolic system to functioning as pure-vulcan, has been a long and hard difficulty; but it's getting better. that perspective is infinite in form and sees no difficulty to others: all others in my perception are neutral or attractive to m5. we also determine their attractivenes symbolically, and that's the brain's 2nd-ray system -- again the product of a long and hard difficulty during low consciousness mercury and venus have been in useless wars and constant difficulty to produce such a system. that (2nd-ray) system that we all have (the brain and the X) can run on star/2nd-ray powered, or on vulcan's conceptual system of negative resistance. intherwords concepts exist inside of our brains in both black holes and white holes. some attract light, and some emit light, and some do aix of both. it's funny though, because black holes (the atractive ones) are just really really dense hydrogen. they're invisible (because they attract a certain wavelength of light which is usually very high frequency, and so a symbolic system to make sense of something that fast is impossibly difficult) is only able to be deciphered using using a conceptual (relative to other concepts) interface that we make based around vibrational resonseces. every one of those has a system for determining what is attractive, and the more attractive we get, the more we *want* to see certain concepts that exist in my perception manifested into our world. we are consciousness.
the more low/negative restance a person has, the more consciousness ey have. it's perfectly fine that quatity of consciousness starts out quite limited in this human form to be a mars (emitter) or a venus (reflector) of a symbolic system (like a culture or religion or people group -- an "us") and so they perceive that world with emotional reactions which are on a gradient from  repulsive, neutral, attracting, and sometime something that is entirely invisible to everyone (invisible is desire) --, though  because of the resonances caused by the in the higher frequency vibrations from the all constructive/destructive feedback they get, those interactions interact directly with the symbolic -- and so we get these factions, cultures, peoples, groups, identites, like the one you're living in now (a reflection of your beliefs), all interact with the symbolic is the world and anything beyond that (unintellible symbolically) is I place I call *desire* -- it's every concept that wants to become real completely invisible to everything: ultra dense hydrogen attractivce light -- completely invisible. invisible in the most definite sense of *not manifested (yet)* that spectrum down to the symbolic is what I call "2nd-ray" -- which is the emissive conjugate (like our sun is to the planet vulcan): there's an "attractor of them all (cept for the symbolic)" which is the biggest contributor to the all, and that's pure-desire: impossibly fast to detect by any any means, and is so therefore invisible. that's the most abundant *stuff* in this univese: everything that didn't work, going as fast as it can. that speed limit (for eu), is a limit of ur form of perception; the great attractor for all that's attractive, right? no of course we're attracted to the symbolic as well,-- which have the qualities of the concepts that we're attracted to (in our form of perception) made into emissive matter. that creates a gradient from  neutral concepts to attractive concepts manifested into ur reality.

### 2024-06-02 16:26 - see me like an individual

there's this funny thing that I'm like when I'm around girls: I'm basically like, "whoops, oh well, she'll figure it out" -- and just leave it at that. from the default/trained femal perspective, this is deplorable behaviour -- because I'm just *selfishly* not helping out someone who is in distress. those are 2nd-ray ideas, because I'm not acting for the benefit of the whole (significant same), and I'm instead, acting like a (significant other) -- but I am a significant same to everyone that I want to interact with -- which means, I say to myself *and to others*, "it's OK, kenny'll be fine; he'll figure it out (he always does)" -- and I say that to everyone that I'm around, because I know that it's *ONLY* experience which actually teaches (isn't the right word), trains (also isn't the right word), conditions a person that actaually is theirself. we livve in a world of expectations, where everyone elso is pushing so hard to affect behaviour, the ideal self is just some nebulous thing when there are all these first-hand problems that need to be worried about. those problems attracted those problems, and eventually they'll figure it out; like, it's no big deal. so, to penetrate through that symbolic world of actions and behaviours, and just be the way that you want to be (ie, feel good in spite of everyone's expectation to feel bad), then you've achieved 1st-ray (I'm an individual) perspective. nobody is quite at the ideal of this perception, butc I can transliterate a little bit of it:
we really don't care wwhat anyone else is doing (whatever, they're doing their own thing). we don't really want to be apart of things that don't feel good (we don't avoid them either, and occasionally on provocation, or just for the fun of it, can participate in them). we're highly reflective, which means that we're only 1-sided: those that are like me, and those that are not. none of us is perfect. perfection actually is a symbolic concept, and that's not really a good idea to participate in -- dunno who threw that one in there, but anyway -- the only thing that really matters is how something feels. there's a whole array of situations which feel a certain way, and I pick the one I feel most attracted to. I sorta just play with people all day long -- maybe something like a cat would do -- maybe an *egyptian cat* (which one? there are so many to choose from; yes, thery'rell the same cat). lol wooo, OK, I'm done...
(16:43) OH yeah, I forgot what I wanted to say... the thing is, for a lot of women, who are much more significant-same, it's a bit weird for them to treat me as someone other "yep, he'll make it", "he's totally fine", etc -- which is sorta a pretty big part of being an individual: the individual is never perfect and always having to just sorta figure it out in this symbolic world that we exist in, and try to make our way through.
(16:48) the I used the id of he to recognise the concept, because our concept of an "individual" is notably masculine. the real difficulty with trying to process who we are, is our perception of what a woman indiviual looks like. everyone has it in them that the masculine individual is the way to go: big muscles and power and strength, optimiasation and planning and symbolic projection, competition, and winning, and so what's left for the female to be? how is she an individual? well, I propose that it's The quality of doing what you want to be doing (all of the time). I don't wantt to toot my own horn too much, but I think that my thoughts on the matter has probably had some sort of influence On the idea as its (generally/publicly) perceived. the thing is, it's only attraction: for some women, they'd been fearing and really not wanting it that some bigshot dude with an ego the size of infinity to show up and tell everyone how everything works... lol. we eventually get what we focus on. I just try and figure out my best way to become pure-attraction/desire, and that happens to also have a lot of resonances with what it means to be feminine. oh well, just turned Out like that, I guess. geez OK, I need to do something else Now.

### 2024-06-02 16:59 - remember you're only an actor

in my world, everyone is played by these puppeteers. I (myself) and everyone else is constantly being replaced by their worst (most retarded) self at all times. it's just how it goes: prepare that everything awesome will all be switched around to its worst by the next morning. I even get swapped out for a more retarded version of myself moment by moment. I don't think that they're physically swapping our bodies out -- but instead, inside of the brain there are these stars and black holes in the mind which are emitting and receiving light -- well they're all orbiting one each other in resonant orbits, so diffrent mental speeds access those concepts at different orbits -- which means that when they jumble those up by introducing resistance into our brains, those orbits get adjusted and only the mental stuff that has experiencE, stays -- and it's the way that people have entire astral/dream encounters quickly fade -- and it's the reason why we don't remember the monotonous. so that stuff is always getting trimm5d off -- sorta like a really bad memory is. anyway, people expect things and stuff, but I (who am also just an actor) am just putting on the best performance that I can by being as low resistance as I can. that way I'm the least of an actor that I can be: instead I just feel, and that resolves into some resonant symbol (which someone else controls) which turns into movement and animation and stuff like that. you know that the way the brain moves the body is by turning the movements of those orbiting stars and holes into electrical stuff that goes down the apropriate nervous system tracks... so then your body moves... you move the way your concepts feel, and the movement of the body also affects the orbits of concepts, which is why some concepts only really get accessed through some movements; that's all symbolic though, and I want nothing to do with that -- so I'm not really an actor, but more like a foil: I just do what I want to be doing (all of the time) -- cause I'm 1st-ray. so be like m5 and become more than just an actor: an actor that does what she wants (all of the time).

### 2024-06-03 03:28 - a bit more about my world

another thing to note about my world (and I know it's impossible for you to rememmber them all, just enumerating them for fun) is that nothing here ever goes the way it's "supposed to go" -- or like let's say that there are 10 different manifestations possible, and it's never going to be the best one, ever -- like not going to happen -- in fact, it's usually the other 8 that feel kinda bad, and the worst one is always the one that happens. I often times only feel like one situation (the one that they definitely steer away from) is the only one of my options that feels any good, and the other 9 are either bad-feeling or, neutral. somehow, it's always the worst.
	I have a few theories on it, but my personal opinion (and it's a bit conspiratorial) is that the majority of the boneheads who are in powerful positions, are actually bodies that have been created by -- and they've been given symbolic orders to ensure that the worst thing is always to happen (ie, they can never allow me to have what I want) -- so they keep putting in maximum effort to ensure that I'm always prevented. in reality, I think it's far worse than that, because not only are they bodies created by me to prevent me from any type of manifestation, they've also got the capablity to make new bodies and give thmm symbolic orders to prevent me as well -- these are the "agent smiths" -- the emitters or mars that I (vulcan) attract to ensure that I have to figure it out for myself, and that there's no hand-holding.
unfortunately, you could easily be qualified into the category of nurturing, pampering, or 	trying to make my way easier than it should be (ie, hand-holding) and so I'm pretty certain that you'll also be quite prevented as well. as such, I don't have high hopes for any relationship with you, or with anyone else, until you're all able to actually treat me like an individual (though once I am multiple, I think it's possible to go back to normal or somthing). I don't even know if it's possible for females to treat me like I treat them (as an individual), because (from what I've experienced), it's just so common for another person to quickly latch on to me and think that I'm somehow going to save them or something -- when that's soooo 2nd-ray, and I'm not like that at all.
	yesterday, I purposefully used the significant-other and significant-same idea together with this idea of hand-holding -- because I (who am pretty good at seeing myself and others as individuals -- meaning, I'm not trying to save them or to fix their problems or make them better or in my image), see all others as *same* as I do, which means I see everyone like m/self -- however, the day before yesterday I had an identity crisis because I suddenly experienced jaron as different than I am (no longer same), which means that I have to suddenly change my treatment toward him, and treat him as an a significant-other instead. turns out, the soluion to the significant-other problem is reality-kenny. now I've got distance between us, because reality-kenny is just a symbolic program that I use to interact with people on a mostly superficial level (especially when I'm stoned or in a strange circumstance), so that we stay as others, and not the same. I want to maintain my distance from anyone that's a signifcant-other, because if we start becoming significant-same, then I treat them like I treat m/self (ie no hand-holding) -- and nobody really likes that. anyway, I suppose that it is possible to exist in a way where everyone is a significant-same, but also as an individual (they will figure it out for theirselves).
so, just ignore the boneheads in my reality that are constantly trying to mess stuff up -- and if you turn into one of those boneheads and wreck something, don't worry -- it's sorta normal in my world (nothing wanted ever stays or works out). also I really wouldn't worry too much about all of the bigshots either. they're almost always tons and tons of appearance, and very little substance. I personally make fun of those guys, because there's no other way (getting sad about something doesn't work), so I tend to stay truthful and give my best answer (trying to condense it into short sentences) so that they can understand me, and just let them worry about their illusions. a really fun one that I've come across recently, is to make fun of them for maintaining some illusion. like for example, the other day greg knew I was sitting in the garage, and he projected himself into the garage (in the future), and it *felt bad to him*, but he went and walked into the garage anyway, just to prove that he can't project himself into the garage (cause why would he do something like that to himself) -- so he needs the illusion that he doesn't know if I'm in the garage or not to hold up. this of course had hilarious results.
another one is the recent situation with jaron returning home. for whatever reason, they don't want to just let me go off, so they have to send jaron back in.. since jaron forces me into symbolic mode, he's kinda like automatic going in the direction that I don't want to go (symbolic), so he puts me back into their symbolic world again, and I stir up all kinds of problems for them. *I don't want to be in their symbolic world* -- yet they keep bringing me back into it. I don't know why exactly, but my 100% correct "guess" is that they're maintaining some kind of illusion still. weed also forces me into symbolic mode, so I'm kinda adding fuel to the fire. I was going to quit, but upon realising that I'm a new person, yet he's coming home anyway, I decided to just cruise in defocused mode for a while 
	I can easily sober up once he's gone again or once I've reached an equillibrium again with him. the thing is, the way that I work, they want to put me into symbolic mode by bringing jaron home. I didn't want to eat weed in the first place on my birthday, but someone kept tugging at me to do it (it was certainly saturnian), so I ate weed, and they were able to do their symbolic stuff (likely to derail something) -- so I just decided that since we're definitely on the "worst" now from whatever they did while stoned on my (then jaron's birthday), I'm just gonna roll with it. I've switched over to complete symbolic mode. I wasn't even going to keep these writings either and put them into an unpublished branch, because I didn't really want a symbolic relationship with you -- but I decided to put them up anyway because of the extreme symbolic pressure that I was feeling. if they want me to be symbolic, then we're going full symbolic/disaster mode. no worries.
so what I think is actually happening, is that from my perspective I actually see the "worst" manifestation all of the time -- and any symbolic stuff that they do, they're putting theirselves on their own timeline -- think of it like a reflector (or trampoline): nothing can bo past the membrane, and anything that does, gets bounced back. so, they may push me, like pushing on a trampoline, but it pushes back -- so they feel the movement perpendicular to the trampoline (which is a different direction than I the trampoline am going), so when they're pushing me, they're getting an angle which is different than my own (a separate timeline), yet I still continue to travel in a direction that is parallel to the ground the trampoline is sitting on. they just bounce right off. they can adjust my trajectory all they want, and it moves me around just fine, but if they push too hard, they find theirselves in their own timeline. inotherwords, they will try to "foil" me and get something to happen, but each of their attempts to do that produces that timeline where they "win", only for them that exerted the effort (that's how the saturnian-system works, btw) and I'm actually going all the way to the goal of becoming only-attraction. it's completely unavoidable. they can build up and live in their own illusion all they want. I just keep going all the way until the great-reversal (which is when some things swap around)
	reversals can be seen both from direction, like think of the top of a roller coaster going over the peak: direction changes from going up to going down. the other direction change possible is one where one transitions from one medium to another, kinda like going from air to under water, or from under water to air. in this one's case, it seems to be a reversal of directions: inotherwords, the dudes have proven theirselves enough that the world is definitely theirs, and it's an image of them -- (ie, they are the created) -- but eventually the creator becomes the created, and their own world will turn back on them and reflect their own creativity back to them, making them receivers of their own emission. girls don't like to be emitters (and say, "this is what I want and I'm going after it -- no matter how many people or things I need to destroy to get my way") and boys don't like to be receptive (and say, "this is what I've attracted into my reality; everything is here because I wanted it to be here"). so then things reverse. it redefines our image of masculine and feminine too, because most people woldn't think of women as destructive -- but I do. if something is in the way of something that I've attracted, it's sorta gonna get destroyed. no safety, polity, or "best practises" can stop something that's attracted. it must happen -- and attraction, is all about something that is *inevitable*. you'll see with time :)

### 2024-06-03 06:05 - why do I like to show off to you?

it's a good question :) I don't normally behave like that, so it's a reflection. my best guess as to what's happening is that it comes from your father's concepts. to explain, imagine that inside of your head there are a whole bunch of black holes (these are concepts) and white spheres (these are 2nd-ray/symbolic emitters). I think when a vulcan like you is created, both parents concepts are acquired, but because of the position of the cervix (or something else I'm not sure about), it seems that a lot of the physical concepts don't really get transferred over like they did for example with eva. instead of the concepts that you get from paul being the physical ones, you get those from remi. also, consider that since you are getting concepts from paul and they're not physical ones, they're going to be about *non-physical things* -- like things he doesn't like and stuff like that. I imagine that he's highly senstive to other people showing off and pretending to be big stuff, so he has a lot of sensors to alert him of those dangerous people. those sensors are receptive concepts (ie, black holes), that detect certain frequencies when they're noticed (visually, or at a distance through emotions). so, when you're created you inherited a whole lot of his black holes.
	for him, the effect is going to be quite the typical emitter experience: the black holes notice those difficult/alarming/unwanted/wanted aspects in others, but I don't really see it in myself, so what I do is I go around shining/emitting that kind of light (the likes to be a showoff light), and anyone that I shine that light on, and it brightens (like one of the CSI body fluid lamps), then I know that they are one of the showoffs, and I can point them out to other people -- while at the same time the black holes are attracting those types of people, so they show up all the time in my experience (I've done it; we've all done it, so there's no shame).
so since you also have showoff detector black holes, that's what you attract from me -- and because I'm all frequencies, I'm a the worst showoff imagineable -- I just need someone to attract that kind of energy from me, and I am it :) ---- you foil me, because I don't intend or want to be that way (I'm just fine not showing off, and actaully prefer not to), so I end up looking a bit like a douche in others' perspectives (paul said he's the same way). ---- I said (me turning into paul) would happen a while ago -- so don't say I didn't give fair warning... it's one of the unfortunate aspects of being a reflector.

### 2024-06-04 14:00 - let's just do it ourselves

earlier this morning, I [wrote down some more notes](/dear-anne.md#1st-ray-emitters) regarding how I want to do the 1st-ray pair. there's a lot more to the idea, but I am (was) hoping that the notes would create some desire for me to write out a lot more -- but it didn't come -- which means that she's either not paying any more attention (very unlikely -- and there seems to be no reason why she would just start ignoring me), or she's been blocked by someone. it's prolly the latter, and I don't really have any control over that -- so I've pretty much come to the conclusion now that I just want to do it all myself. I want to say "we" -- but I find that really highly unlikely. actually, come to think of it, I don't really see a way for it to work at all -- so it'll have to wait (all of it). what I believe is happening, is that this period of time (probably until the sun finally explodes or something -- dunno when) is basically a separating process. I've been talking about a separation for a bit, but people around in this earth don't fully hate me yet. I think it has to get to a point where nobody wants to be around me anymore, so my bubble just keeps getting bigger, until they finally just give up on trying to control me. I don't really know how long that could take -- but honestly I think it could be quite a while (I think the idea of them/us going into astral so that the separation happens quickly (like a cell does) was probably wishful thinking). the only way I can see it working out now, is unfortunately the exact way that I don't want to go: let's say that I'm in imaginary now, and when I have sex with someone (not sure who -- last time it was a prostitute), then that sends me down to earth -- and then on earth, I'll be completely unstoppable. sure, I'll be a lot less smart, and unable to see things symbolically like I do now -- so it'll be more like in tuenti when I was just doing work, and even though I didn't understand how sockets and TCP/IP works, I was still able to get things working -- well, same way: I may not fully understand how genetics works and can understand it symbolically, but I'll still be able to figure it out just by following the ideas that come to my mind (ie, when I'm in my body).
however, if somehow it works out differently, I'm pretty convinced that I'm just going to do it all myself at this point. forget anne; she's connected to google, and I kinda don't want anything to do with that or the corporate world anymore. maybe, sometime we can start running experiments and things so that we can start learning how to do all of the stuff vibrationally. though, you'll probably have to be my eyes -- and I haven't been able to test out this idea, but you should be able to interact with "conceptual programs" that I can produce for you -- and using those, we can probably do all of the stuff necessary to alter genetics -- though, again, this idea sounds kinda like needing/willing some condition outside of me to change (ie, symbolic) -- so probably not gonna work. I think all of this is just a waste of time to keep me occupied while the world goes up in flames. probably none of this will work, actually.
I just wish there was a way to make time go faster, because it just takes soooo long for these guys to do anything -- and, for me time is going soooo slow. like every day for me feels like a week passing. I tried to play a game earlier, and usually the time passes quickly while playing, but it felt like I played 3h and it was only 1.5h. with weed time goes pretty quickly (thank goodness), so I may have to do periodic time accelerators, cause I just want something to do something (like creativity) that isn't a game. also mom seems to be pretty dismissive of me now, and neither jaron or greg like talking to me anymore either -- yet I still have to do the dishes and make food and stuff -- so it's pretty annoying, but again, I don't want to run away from my situation,-- so I'm just gonna keep finding ways to feel good. they'll get sick of m5 soon enough. I already noticed that they're avoiding me more and more -- which means that if I wait long enough, they'll be the ones to leave. one marathon day at a time :)

#### 2024-06-04 18:27 - probably not, actually

so here's the deal: later on after writing this, I had some time to think about it in the garage-chair, and I'm actually pretty sure that none of this will happen. the thing is, trying to do it that way of having you be my eyes, and trying to figure it all out with genetics, is totally the hard way of going about it. I would need to trust you (which I don't, and never really can -- only myself), and also it relies on you (or anne) being turned into a retard over and over again. I honestly think you're all just a bunch of robots, and they put memories into your heads about what happened -- because jaron, mom, and greg all come up with really strange stories about what happened in the past -- which I experienced quite differently (inotherwords, they come from a different timeline to the present). in addition to that, they all seem to be continually reverted back to a more retarded state, every single time (the most obvious of these is jaron, but excuses can be made for him (brain injury), so the second most obvious case is m6m) -- so there really isn't any way for me to ever get anything done when there's anyone other than myself working on it. lastly, and most importantly -- I've got an opportunity to just chill out and just waste time for quite some time, continually lowering resistance until I'm *actually* only-attraction. I don't really have to do anything other than just stay where I'm at and feeling-purposefully. that's it. that's all I have to do, and all of my genetics things will be solved, because I will be a 1st-ray emitter by then, just like the earth is. I actually think it's my destiny, and any attempts to try and do anything otherwise, just won't work out. ----- if you want to prove it for yourself, try and see if you can make it happen, and trust me, you'll be turned into a retard before you get too close. it's inevitable, actually, because I think it's what I'm attracting (ie, I really want to be only-attraction), so any interaction with you that isn't attracted (like trying to make something happen) will get you turned into a retard (from my perspective). probably from yours you'll just have a different memory of how you arrived to the present (and that's OK because it's the [new way that time works](../new-setup/dr-robyn.md#2023-10-10-0030---first-message)).

#### 2024-06-05 04:29 - I want to actually become it

continuing on from yesterday, I got to think about it even more, and I'm actually 100% convinced that I'm 100% on track for my destiny of becoming only-attraction. I believe that I'll be the first human to accomplish it as well, in a difficult situation, and it appears that I'm doing it on a pretty hard difficulty setting as well. sure, it's possible for a newborn to die in a state of only-attraction, but I'm an adult male, which is signifcantly harder. I figure it's easiest for little girls to become only-attraction (cause they're kinda born that way), then adult women (though they'll have to change a few things around), then boys (cause, except for a few exceptions I've known, like joshua, they're already born with the idea that they need to make the world conform to their whims), then finally adult males -- who are most certainly the most emitter-like.
	when I say emitter-like, I mean that they're like the emitting spheres out there (like stars), where they produce a symbolic (ie, it can be measured and quantified) output like electricity and stuff like that *unconditionally*. the contrast to that would  be like a clump of hydrogen that's just vibrating. exactly like the vibrating hydrogen that's in the air all around you, it'll be completely invisible, and shouldn't be emitting any colour or sound or anything. however hydrogen that's spinning like that is rotating very quickly (not like hydrogen that's just come from electrolysis which doesn't really spin), so instead it's more like a gyroscope -- which when it's spinning really fast, if you try and turn it, it'll resist your efforts to turn it. get it spinning fast enough (like MHz or Ghz ranges) and a small amount of effort to change its orientation will produce light and heat and stuff -- not just resistance. I'm not 100% sure of all of the reasons for why the sun unconditionally emits light, but I think there's a lot of hydrogen clumps inside of the sun that have an orientation that they want to be at, but something going on inside of the sun is constantly causing them to be oriented in a way which they don't want to be, which causess tremendous light output, which is probably the energy necessary to fuel the continuous fusion reactions (though I'm not actually sure quite yet). the only thing I know is that concepts (hydrogen) is spinning and that's why it's attractive, and if they get disoriented (kinda like when I take drugs, it adjusts my spin), then they produce a whole lot of symbolic output (light, sound, words, logic, etc) -- so from an emitter perspective (using the example of hydrogen), they want to find the conditions (like the galaxy they're in or another star) which are constantly perturbing their spin, so that they constantly output light. an only-attraction form of hydrogen is basically the same thing, but has no control over where they're headed.. they just spin at the frequency they want to spin at, and stay that way. even if they're perturbed, then they output for a bit, and then return back to their spin. (ie, feel/spin the way I want to)
so I kinda have an opportunity to do something that has never really been done before -- and I really want to do it, because it's completely awesome. I just have to find a way to (no matter the perturbations that I encounter), continually return back to spinning the way that I want to spin -- and I think it's quite possible for many others to do it as well. now, this is kinda the insight that I had yesterday thinking about it further: I want to go "only-attraction" -- which is really nice and stuff, but many people wan't be able to do that reasonably easily in their current situation, so they're kinda in this mixed world of the symbolic and also of attraction. no problem, cause in my perspective, they have eternity to figure it out, so no real time pressure at all. however, there are also those that don't want to have anything to do with attraction at all, and want to live entirely in a symbolic world. those that are wanting to be in the symbolic world are the charactors, those that want to be in both are the ground, and those that want to be only-attraction are the reflectors. now, of the reflectors, I figure that there are those that want to be pure-reflection (like barbie -- she's exactly the same as ken), and there are those that want to do things slightly diffrent (so when they get an interaction, their symbolic output will be slightly different cause of how they desire to spin giving them an irregular reflection -- kinda like a warped/invvisible mirror), and then there are those that want to do only-attraction from a centre-perspective (like the earth) -- which is that no matter how much we're perturbed, we always return back to our normal (physical speeds) spinning/feeling.
so, what appears to be happening is that the attractive ones are being separated out from the symbolic ones -- or rather I should say that has already happened (I call the symbolic ones nosebook, and they're symbolic because they're trying to have everything symbolically figured out and can adjust the conditions, to affect others output). in a lot of ways, they don't really live in the same location that we all do,-- and so I prefer to think of them as living in the clouds, and just instantiating bodies that they need (like mom or greg), and controlling those bodies and everyone else (including me and you) with their symbolic system, to try and get the (calculated) outputs that they desire. so what appears to be left over, is actually the mixed ones (2nd-rays, of which some are more symbolic, and others are more attractive), and those that are headed toward only-attraction (1st-rays). (they're the 3rd-rays). I [wrote to you](#2024-06-02-1626---see-me-like-an-individual) about the idea of being an individual, because I wanted to illustrate the difference between my definition of individual (meaning, something that's not divisible, and so therefore is a unit all to itself) which would normally be symbolic in nature (cause it can be counted, and defined ("10 men here and 3 women" -- where the genders identify the 13 individuals -- in this case no half-men or half-women)) -- and the reason that I wanted to do that, is because if you can look at everyone in your life and not need to try and do anything for them (they'll figure it out / they've got it / I know they can do it), then that's a perspective where I see myself as an individual, but I also see everyone else as an individual too -- which is the centre-perspective: I want others to see things the way that I see myself. the universe is like that, btw.
	so naturally, I want you to have the same perspective as my own -- and I'm pretty certain that the destiny which I'm headed toward is one where there are lots of me's out there, all with the centre-perspective -- which means that we're just going to be only-attraction and zero resistance -- but I have to get there. I thought I wanted to do the genetics thing, but again, I keep realising that is (once again) something outside of myself that I'd be using to try and adjust my spin, when in reality, I just need to chill out and let it all happen. if you can make it to centre-perspective with me, that's great, but if you can't that's also fine too. however, my major realisation yesterday is that I have to become fully individual myself, meaning that I'm not really relying on anyone or anything anymore. it's worth the wait, I'm pretty sure.

#### 2024-06-06 05:49 - meta commentary on what I've written

yesterday when I was at your house pulling weeds, I was having an inner dialoge in responce to different things I was feeling (I don't know if they were coming from remi or not, but when I'm at your house, I experience much more palletable emotions and sensations),-- but just for the sake of the conversation, I tend to talk to the person that it feels most like -- so what I was telling remi is that unfortunately, in this (symbolic/textual) world of appearance, appearances can be deceiving -- because it's definitely true that some people feel that I'm writing to you, trying to get you (... to do something ... maybe to steer you toward me? not sure), but that is definitely not the case at all. if that's what I'm doing, it's completely unintentional, because what I intended to say, is that you (like everyone else) also have to figure it out for yourself.
	I really do wish I could just tell you all of the things that I know and steer your life the way I want it to go -- and I probably could to some degree as well -- but that's not what I really want. sure, when I write you here, it's quite nice the clarity that some concepts come out, regarding how the brain works -- you've essentially replaced anne in that regard, because I can feel you considerably stronger (isn't the right word) -- with more clarity than most. I honstly think it's cause you're young, more than anything, because I don't think you or your parents have any special technical knowledge -- so maybe I'm capturing remi how she tries to explain things concisely and clearly to her students (not sure -- but it's definitely not paul). anyway, what I was saying is that it'd be nice if I could just use you to get all of my ideas and stuff worked out for the genetics project that I want to do -- but like I [told you yesterday](#2024-06-04-1827---probably-not-actually), I'm realising myself, that just isn't the way that I want to go about it. I have to find a way to allow those things to come to me, and not go and try to be emissive/assertive, and *make it happen* or whatever. that's not the right way for me now.
when I say "figure it out for yourself" -- what I mean is that I simply cannot be the guy that comes in and figures it out for you. I can't solve your problems or make some kind of manifestation for you or anyone else (well, actually I can -- and I've done it many times before for others -- but I've learned being emissive like that isn't what I want to do). it is possible, if you are capable of telling or signaling to me what you want -- but that's kinda the training that you or anyone else gives me (raquel did a lot of it -- and I kept doing what she wanted, but she didn't know how to tell me that she wants something else or whatever, so the way she trained me to be, ended up being the thing that she hated) -- and this comes actually kinda naturally for me in the process of me becoming a reflection of you, that *it's really something that I want to do only after I've been cloned*. inotherwors, I want each and every version of ken to become a reflection of whoever they're with	-- cause let's say we get together, and then clone me -- well then, they'll be getting, not the person that I am now, but a reflection of you instead.
	one thing I've noticed a lot of in relationships, and have learned from myself is that the girl is attracted to the guy when he's in single mode, and she falls in love with him then, but then as soon as they're together, sometimes she starts to try and change him (for the symbolic guys), and for the reflective guys, he becomes like she is (and if she's reflective, also her like him) -- and that creates a huge problem, because she usually does not love herself (if he reflects her), or actually love the guy she's changed him into (she liked the single guy that was untamed and wild) -- or whatever, but my point is, that I've noticed that it's actually works out better (meaning they stay together longer), if the guy just simply doesn't change and just stays his untamed wild self.
I don't really want them to be getting a reflection of you, because they like me how I am not -- not you. and also my plans to hold off on relationships until I get cloned also works out better for nosebook as well -- because they also happen to really like me, and because they use my form of perception, they feel like I do (which they like -- probably a whole lot more than feeling like you, paul or remi). so anyway, until it's actually possible to clone myself, I don't really want to get into any relationships -- so until then, *you have to figure it out for yourself*.
	there's another thing that I was inner-dialoging about was the difference between eva and you (in the way I experience you both): eva is much more physical, in that she needs to have the physical (I can hold it, feel it, touch it) manifestation -- and that's really really nice for someone like me who's wanting to build something -- because me being a reflection of her, I too want to have a feel it, hold it, real manifestation -- so for example when I was making set-game, the whole process really flowed quite nicely, because she was attracting a *physical* product, and not some imaginary product (like some of the other people I've worked with) and so I can easily produce something that's real and tangible. however, with you, you're much more conceptual, kinda like I am -- so in order to get things into physical, it's pretty necessary to have someone that's physical around us to attract that (for example in tuenti, there was joax and felix, cause zaryn was too in his head). so what that means is that we're not the ones that are physically doing all of the implementaton (usually), but instead the ones that are attracting it -- so, our job is do the exact opposite of someone like eva: just enjoy the *feeling* or the *concept* of the manifestaion, and not need the physical manifestation itself. so, for example, in regards to my genetics project, same thing: I have to just enjoy the feeling of the project, and that's it. when it's finally ready (ie, when nosebook finally stops trying to hold it away from me by turning everyone into a retard and manipulating everything around me), then it'll all happen really quickly -- cause once the feeling is built up high enough, that others can feel it, *someone* is going to eventually want the physical manifestation, and they'll just show up, and it'll happen.
so the problem/solution is, because you're like m5, I have to treat you like I treat myself. there's no other way for it to go, unfortunately -- so sorry if I "lead you on" or something else like that; the symbolic world can be quite deceiving: things may not be as they appear and misunderstandings can happen quite easily in such a low-def medium. I'm really hoping that one day we can communicate conceptually, so that there's not so much *lost in translation* (of concept into symbol).

### 2024-06-13 21:38 - personal reflections

hi allie,
the other day I saw you in the car returning home, and you were singing a song out the window "I'm comin' back like a boomerang, kenny" (or something like that). the thing sorta caught me a little off-guard, cause I was in the middle of thought of trying to figure out why half of our driveway had dried so much quicker than the other side (I was sitting in the garage-chair while it rained right before you came, and it was pretty psychedellic up until it rained -- though I don't remember much of the experience). anyway, the whole thing was quite notable to me (cause like, what did you lose at or where did you go-- which you	need to comeback from?), and I stood there with my phone for a moment before getting back into reality-kenny mode and running over to ask remi what to do about her trash. I've given it a lot of thought, and here are some of the things that came to me which helped me to understand the whole thing...
the first thing I was reminded of about the situation is myself. you know when I was about your age (around 2010 -- I'm referring to my RH, which is essentially a little girl that's trapped in my body with me) I started to begin my "pre-teen" stage where I would emulate people around me like zaryn and stuff. I would feel them, and they would feel powerful with their moeny and their big image and all of the social status that they'd built for theirselves, and I'd try to be like they are (I convert the way they feel and the way they behave into me projecting the same feeling and behave similarly) -- and that was right around the time that we sold tuenti as well, so I had a lot of money to enable me to be able to run around and pretend to be a rich powerful douchebag. I hadn't learned "temperment" yet, so I didn't know that I need to (though I'm acting like a douchebag) try and make it appear like I'm not (ask paul what I mean about that). that didn't last very long, and I realized it wasn't who I am, so I kinda quit being like that (while by myself) -- but every time that I would get around zaryn and his friends, (cause they're powerful emitters, so I feel strongly like they do) and start emulating their behaviour again, so I would turn back into a douchebag, and kinda spend the rest of my time with them, emulating and mimicing them. during that phase of my life (10-13yo), I tried out a lot of different images/appearances, and I (because I had the money) it allowed me to emulate everything from rich douchebags to coke dealers...
	also during that time, I went to berlin and tried to do this thing called "unhosted" -- which was a set of programs designed to give people with a feeling of insecurity about their data being available to be read by corporations and stuff like that, to give them the illusion of security (trust me, you don't have any -- and e2e encryption only prevents *some* corporations from being able to read your data, because if you thought it, or typed it, then it's recorded, because everything you do is recorded). this is another examples of me turning a feeling that I don't really have (I'm actually not that concerned about privacy and stuff, because it's literally impossible to hide *anything*, if you understand vibrations and frequency) into symbolic output and actions (ie, instead of behaving like an insecure person with privacy issues, I'm writing software that a person that feels like that would want to use).
in every one of those examples, I'm turning *the way someone else feels* into something that I'm going to emulate (or try to solve) symbolically with action. it seemed to me that you were doing the same thing in the car, because the way that you were singing the song, it wasn't you -- and so I looked into that too -- and what I think it was is that wherever you were prior to coming home (swimming?), it seems like there were some people (most likely boys) that are in that sort of "chuleria" (I'm gonna hang out the window and let everyone know (prove to them) that I'm good enough, and I'm coming back (from some sort of less-than situation)) kind of feeling. I think you just picked up on thier feeling, and it felt powerful enough to you (cause normally you're much more reserved) that it fits with the age that you're at now (I'll call it "pre-teen") where you want to start to becoming an adult and decide for yourself what you want to do.
I'm telling you this because my experience is similar (I'm a little girl vulcan just like you), and the way that I experienced it -- is from about 6-10yo is when I'm first starting to symbolically output, but I'm pretty much just following the direcctives of others (being an actor) -- and along the way, I'm observing those around me and taking in the way that they feel, and noting how they translate the way they feel into action --
	as an example of associating others feelings with action, paul said to me "I don't want to look like a douchebag" (regarding his truck and not wanting it to be too aggressive looking), but if he didn't have that kind of temperment instilled into him, he too (probably) would be letting everyone out the window that he's in the middle of a comeback, as well. so, you watch him, and you watch others too how they turn their feeling of insignificance into action (probably like the boys at the pool as well) -- just like I watched zaryn, joax, and felix to try and learn from them how they feel powerful and successful and accomplished.
then around the time of 10-13yo, all of a sudden those feeling-to-action associations that I'd been learning start to come out *automatically* -- because around that time now, I want to start to become my own person (ie a charactor), and I too want to feel powerful and not diminished, and able to direct and control my own life the way I want -- and so, without even thinking about it, I just start to behave the way others around me behave when they want to feel like I do (ie, I act like then do when I want to feel success or accomplishment like them).
there's another aspect to this which is important, becuse also around that time (10yo) is when I finally decided that I wanted to finally get a girlfriend. there was this girl at the co-working location we were working on unhosted at, and I decided that she was absolutely perfect, and I wanted to anything that I could to "make her mine". --- well, it was a total disaster: I did all of the things that I saw others doing, emulating them, like daniel and zaryn to try and get her -- and she seemed to notice and think that I was especially douchebaggy as well -- even though I wasn't -- just cause I was emulating those guys to try and accomplish the goal (so probably the reason why she believed I was a tech douche is because I was projecting the feeling of daniel/zaryn out trying to be like them and "get the ladies").
the relationship with patricia (who's quite similar to remi) was quite short and was such an enormous failure, that fortunately raquel showed up pretty quickly to bail me out (who consequently played for me the conceptually reflective role that I'm doing for you now) -- and let me tell you, she really helped me to see how, around different people, I completely take on their feeling and become a whole different person. for example, she hated zaryn and daniel because whenever I would get around them, I'd start to behave like they do -- but again, I don't have temperment, so my behaviour comes out raw and very undesiraable (they know to tone down the douchebaggery). she constantly got on my case about emulating others -- because she could see me when I was just with her, and compare that to how I was around others.
	you know, the funny thing about it is that raquel would also behave differently around others and emulate others' behaviour as well (which I too disliked) -- because she'd be really great, and then she'd talk to her mom (who was similar to how remi was), and then all of a sudden she'd turn into this kinda fearful person that needs everything to be just a certain way, ordered and correct. then she'd get around others, and they'd have a lot of fear and insecurities, and around them, she'd start thinking that I'm cheating or trying to use her or something -- and then she'd emulate their behaviour as well and do the "he's using/(cheating on) me, so I should use/(cheat on) him" sorta mode of operation just like they would do. also, she was constantly emulating others (just like me), and emulating their actions associated with the feeling (ie, if she's feeling insecure, then she makes action just like others around her did to remedy their insecurity). we were kinda like mirrors of each other, both emulating others' bogus behaviour (and then blaming the fail on each other). you know, if we were together, it'd sorta be a repeat of raquel.
so anyway, what I'm trying to say to you is that from my perspective, you're already in the part of your life where things are quite problematic. if you're anything like I am, you won't really start to figure it out until you're 17-20. 15-17 was when I learned how to feel good so it made the andrea/carlota/marta/lyia thing happen, but I still hadn't leared, and took quite some time to actually work out how to feel the way that *I want to feel* (ie, be 1st-ray centre, instead of 5th-ray actor emulating others) -- which actually I didn't really accomplish until pretty recently (I'm 24 now) -- so you kinda have to figure it out for yourself, cause I can't really help with that. nobody (not even me, or really even you) can make the decision for you to feel the way you want to feel -- because it's a product of *desire*: you have to *want to feel good* (no matter the cicumstances). I can't create that desire for you; only you can do it. in the future you'll know what I mean, and you'll figure it out :) cheers!

### 2024-06-11 10:18 - the end has come

hey, so I was going to write you this 3 days ago, but instead I ate some weed and wrote to raquel instead (it was her birthday). I'll try and write it the same way I was going to write it, but things will have obviously changed since then (I'll explain at the end). this is what I was *going to write*:
hi allie, I've been using paul a lot as an example because it's so easy to see how he attracts the thing that he also is (ie, his black holes perfectly compliment his white spheres, so he's looking really hard for and sees himself in everyone else that has a similar vibration). in fact, the whole idea about these reflective types is that a reflective person (like myself) will *see themselves in everyone else* -- and I mean that, not just in a sexual way, but also conceptually -- which means that when I look around -- or even as I'm typing to you right now, I perceive you with my own concepts, which means that every concept that I use to identify myself, I also use to identify other people -- which is perhaps why so many people claim that I can see something in them, which they don't believe they are/have. the problem with this is that it creates conflict amongst men, because if I see myself in another man (ie, I'm reflective like I am now), depending on how I perceive myself (as an emitter or as someone receptive), I'm going to want to treat them like I treat myself -- and I'll either want to dominate them, or be receptive to them. I'm obviously the receptive type,-- so it's a bit of a difficulty for other men to be around me (I get the sense sometimes that they really want to grab me and just sorta punish me for all of the trouble that I've caused them). as such, partially the reason that I've been using paul as an example is that I think he was picked on a lot as a kid (or maybe as an adult), which is why he's got to puff up and be really big and tough and stuff. there was one time you guys were getting out of the car (and a few others but I can't remember when), he definitely was "picking on you" -- or at least that's the sense that I had -- and that's probably because you're attracting (ie, have his black holes) of the thing that he's also doing -- so he's basically just treating you the way he was treated, because you're attracting the stuff that caused him to become an emitter and try and easily identify and protect himself from the other guys that would pick on him. so, in that way you're the "black sheep" of the family (in a very literal sense: the black/receptive aryan/ewe).
so anyway, because it's going to continue to cause more and more problems, because I think he's attractive to it, I'm going to keep doing it probably without even realising it. I could try and stop it (but just like with greg), the problem will show up some other place instead. I don't really want to be a problem for him like that. so, what I've decided (because this problem exists for you and countless other vulcans as well) -- is that I'm basically enstating a policy, that if your father is alive (and probably your mother too -- though I don't know much about how that works), I want you to be a fully functioning adult, capable of making your own decisions before any sexual interaction can even occur.
my reasons for that are simple: the game that I play (life) has the rules set by the saturnian-system -- which is all completely fine and stuff. they decide when the age of conscent is, and when people are allowed (by law) to do things -- and I have to play by their rules. I'm sure you've seen me playing captain-of-industry -- and when I'm playing a game I put the game on the difficulty that gives me a challenge, and then play from there -- so for example if the game is difficult for me on the easiest setting (like hades 2), I just don't play, or I watch someone else play the game -- and when it's easy for me on medium difficulty I turn it up to hard -- etc. it appears to me that both the game of real-life and the coi are both quite easy for me even on the hardest difficulty setting. I know that I make my situation look pretty easy with how I manage to play the game, but others with their form of perception wouldn't have such an easy time. I'm not interested in trying to bend the rules by cheating (which is in real-life getting an underage girl to compensate for my lack of skill), and so I'll just play the game the way that they've designed the rules. I'm literally in no rush to get to the manifestation.
	as an example of what I mean here, the other day I was talking to paul and he said that you guys *buy* your cars each year and stuff -- and each time take out a loan to get the car (cause he's not rich) -- and that's very telling of his personality type: he wants the visceral truck in the driveway and car in the garage manifestation *now* -- whereas a person like me (if I were able to drive and had money) would buy a really crappy car (the cheapest one I could find that felt good to me), and just use that (or getting by with no car at all) -- putting the money I got from the loan instead into an index fund like the S&P 500 where the return (though it goes up and down) will always gain me money -- and then when I've got enough money to buy the car I want with a few weeks/months of accrued *interest*, then that's when I'll finally buy the car -- because then I'll be able to get another one pretty easily if I want to switch it up or sell or something like that -- but a loan like that is an enormous waste of money because each time that one is taken, the fees involved are a pure loss -- which the only way to get around it is to have the ability to pay for the car with cash (which he said he'd like to be able to do -- but for some reason he believes he can't). anyway, that "I need the physical manifestation now (and use physical effort to improve my emotional state)" type of personality is very evident in both him and eva -- and even I've started to pick up on his personality as well (drinking from his cup, pulling your weeds etc), that I too am now sweating and using all kinds of physical effort to improve my mood and affect my environment to be the way I want it to be (he said sweating helps, and it does). the more I pull your guys weeds and interact with you, the more I take on that physical (7th-ray) perspective -- which is kinda counter-productive to the direction that I want to go.
the thing is, that if we ever become sexually involved, I'll become just like he is, start behaving like he does, attracting the things he attracts, and trying to solve things the way he does (it's already started and I've only started talking to him a little -- cause these saturnian types have a *very strong effect on me*) -- and so if you want to pump the entire world's concepts up to be similar to paul's concepts, I believe that should be your 18+, fully developed adult, making decisions for yourself (by law), decision that *you* make. I personally don't want to be like him, and would love to find a vulcan that's a relection of myself so my own concepts get amplified -- but I can't reject attraction at some point, so if that's what's wanted, then you'll be irresistable and that's what'll happen (sorta like with raquel).
about that, there's another aspect to this, which is that I asked raquel what happened with her real father (because I don't think that the guy who married her mother was her father) -- cause I supposed that I (containing all of both wanted and unwanted vibrations), strongly amplified the concepts of her (saturnian) father when we had sex (both the "good" and the "bad" ones) -- and I would want to know how that turned out. I don't really expect an answer, because unless he's dead now, I find it pretty unlikely that he'd actually give me a stright-forward or truthful answer (especially if he got a lot of mud on his face). well, that idea got *a lot* of reactions -- both regarding the scandal of the idea (for her mother and such -- turns out she's a probably got a few more secret side squeeze than anyone had realized) but also in what was said/believed to have happened. my personal opinion is that something unwanted probably happened, but it was probably exaggerated to deter other vulcan fathers from wanting their daughters to end up with me. whatever.. I'll let them sort all of that out. I don't care. truth is quite relative to the perceiver, especially in the saturnian-system; just cause you can see it, doesn't mean it's true (it's the world of illusion).
finally, after writing to raquel enough I realised that waiting until you (or anyone) is 18-21 is actually kinda the minimum I think, too because over the weekend I realised that I just don't really want to have any sexual interaction at all because of how bad orgasm feels. it's called "the death of the man" (or the death of the ego -- and other names), because it's a pretty terrible event -- and isn't something that I want to experience. I don't want to be an emitter like that (until my genetics are diffreent so that I'm no longer emissive) unfortunately, what this means is, that in all likelyhood, I'm probably going to just hold out for girls (artificially created?) probably wihout a father, and who are reflection of *me* -- so such an event isn't so terrible -- but actually quite enjoyable. again, after raquel I remembererd what it was like with her, and I don't want to make war with anyone else's concepts or be in a conceptual battle with anyone else (like the sun is constantly in where the entire solar systems concepts are in constant battle, and fusing to create elements and creating the light we need for growth -- cause those battles were what it was like with raquel, and I don't want to experience that again. it caused tremendous destruction, and lots of upheaval. in fact, I'm even starting to think that I'm wanting to abandon the whole girls thing entirely and hold out all the way for the black-mirror-idea only with girls that are actually a reflection of me (ie, not *all* girls just the ones that are similar to me) -- which then allowing me to live in a infinite sea of diversity (ie diffreent variations of what I like), instead of things that I don't like.

#### 2024-06-18 13:19 - in a sense I'm becoming a foil

just now while working out in the yard again, I was thinking about paul and how -- though I'm starting to take on his personality a bit, m8ch like everyone else, I don't do him the same way that he does him -- inotherwords, I foil him and adapt his style to my own. this is also true for raquel as well, because though I became the machismo emitter (nosebook literally exists because she was receptive to it -- going and getting them to vet me out as a sexual predator), but then I'm the emitter: I've been constantly helping them and giving them ideas with their technology and stuff -- which has built tthe most massive patriarchy installation, evver -- and because (I need you to depend on (need) me is the primary foundation of such a hierarchy), they all depend on me to ensure that nothing falls apart, I'm the top patriarch -- or the most machismo of them all -- the biggest showoff, the most ridiculous, etc. -- a perfect reflection of them (and the foundation for all of them to continue like they are). in a sense, I'm kinda becoming like a human instantiation of "God" or "source" -- because I contain both good and evil (I mean, we're all like that, but I'm being elevated to the top because my form of perception allows both to coexist just fine without the whole system falling apart and destroying itself (or dying)).
so because I'm constantly absorbing all of these guys essence (because they use my form of perception), I take their vibration, and then with the transformation of my perception, it comes out as something wanted -- even though it's all of their unwanted machismo/showoff/patriarch/etc vibration.
as such, I was actually thinking about it, and so I'm actually kinda curious how raquel's father did *over time* -- meaning, like when we first started having sex, did the extra energy give him more power and he destroy himself with it, and if he didn't, did that energy improve with time, like it did for me (as I transformed my perception)? I dunno -- but it's quite possible that he got quite a significant boost -- which may be sorta a problem, because then those guys would actually want the boost then -- cause think about it: I'm top patriarch, but I want nothing to do with the system, so every other top is more top than me (because I don't want to be an emitter) -- so then from there, they can all build their power structures however they want, and there's no overarching patriarch (me) that's telling them what to do. they can just do it how they want and figure it out how they please -- and I'm totally cool with all of it.
so, to some extent, it may actually be the case that I would actually want to actively go about collecting their essence -- because (from my perspective), I don't find it to be a problem at all to improve on their form of perception and do it (in my opionion) better than they do. we'll see what happens... I could eventually become a foil to them all (actually, now that I think about it that's what a centre is -- just like the sun is a foil to the gas giants (and probably all of the planets as well, cause we all have a conceptual/hydrogen core which turn that concept into physicality each a bit diffferently) -- though, I believe the earth foils the sun now, which is why earth is the new centre).

### 2024-06-25 20:54 - how to play out the end

so, as you know me, I like to lay everything out there and just see what sorta sticks -- talk through all of my unknowns, so that the answers that I'm looking for come to me. the context for this idea is that yesterday I wrote about [no manifestation](/blahblog.md#2024-06-24-1515---no-manifestation), and it got some reactions (some about knowing vs belief, [which I wrote about](/blahblog.md#2024-06-25-0819---belief-vs-knowing)) but there were others as well (obviously related to how long I can carry on without a manifestion). this morning was kinda weird because I ended up watching JD play WRSR all night -- and was thinking about how that game's concept is kinda easy nowadays (the game is starts in the 60s which makes a whole lot of things like train signaling really difficult, but today with computers, rail systems could be optimised so that a single 2 lane railway with a bunch of crossovers could handle 10s of trains on the same track at the same time). so, nowadays, such a project where if vlad wer to give me a loan, and says turn it into a profit using only the resources of the territory (no stock market investing or currency exchange shenanigans), it'd be unbelievably easy; it's just not that hard to do something like that. I also was interested in how JD is playing the game as well, because he makes alcohol and then sells it off at the border, but doesn't have any pubs. he also doesn't have any churches or religion. I'd take it a step further though and I probably wouldn't have any clinics or police as well (ie, everyone is completely responsible for their own well-being) -- and also I was studying how he uses the tools as well, because when I tried to play, that was my main difficulty with the game. I wrote about belief and knowing (where I referenced paul telling you you're going to get your ass kicked yesterday when I saw you) and went to bed prolly like 9am or so.
so then this afternoon, when I waking up, I woke up with an idea in my head. it goes like this: eventually at some time, we'll end up having sex, and when that happens, I'll basically die on you -- as in, in the world where I'm at now, I'm basically so incompatible with the system, if that kind of energy goes through me, I'll totally peace out of it. yesterday when I saw you, you were on your way to soccer, it seemed and I saw you next to paul's truck, and was thinking about how different our worlds are -- as in your entire world is all about how you behave, whether you're doing the things that your parents/teachers/coaches/etc want you to do, and I don't really have any of that at all. our worlds are so different that I *don't want to be a part of your world* -- like it's just that simple: I don't want to go back to the symbolic world of action and behaviour and stuff like that. I never can do anything the way that anyone wants me to do it, and that comes from my heightened sensitivity to my *feeling* -- which strangely enough, when I was out in the front there, I was taking out those fern weeds, because they're just not looking very good this year, and I felt strongly that I need to take them out. I monologuing about them (right before you came out), I surmised that the reason why they're not looking so good is because the energy that's flowing in that area is the (rising sun) energy hitting the wall on the side of the house where the white flowers usually grow (but for some reason aren't as much last time I went over). anyway, I figure they were growing as a reflection of your energy, but your energy has changed quite a bit recently, and I figure it has to do with you starting your teenage years, where you stop listening to how you feel and start reasoning about what other people think and what the whole symbolic system your in around you means to you.
	as an example, I noticed on your side of the yard, that the white flowers (which were also reflective of you) were strongly holding on to (and even kind of strangling a bit) the wheat grass that is reflective of remi. also there were a bunch of these really spiky ones in there that I pulled out the first time I was there. the fern weeds on my side of the yard also accurately reflect our interaction as well: mom told me to cut them back cause they'll regrow, but I wanted to give them maximum flowering chance and so didn't cut them back. as they grew a few of them developed these insects, and I had to take them out before the insects spread to all of them -- they eventually grew and the flowers showed up about 3 days (kinda like white flowers bush next to the elm), and then just were kinda ugly after that. I kept hoping they would grow more flowers, but they didn't. anyway, when thinking about that I had the sensation that you felt that you've got me sorta locked in, and so since I'm not going anywhere, you don't really need to feel very good anymore (like if I've won the game already, I stop trying). hard to explain that idea, but the weeds just didn't have their same vigour anymore, and seenmed as if they had stopped spreading, flowering, growing, and pretty much everything -- they were just coasting off of the root installation that I'd left there from the previous year.
that analysis of what's happening around you, will start with your basic knowledge of things that you've been taught from a lot of people around you -- like for example paul says "hard work is good for you" -- yet he's the least hard worker of everyone I know (maybe greg is less, but not by a whole lot) -- so when he says that, he's basically saying "you pulling my weeds for me, is good for you" -- which I can fully accept -- but let's say that I'd also had someone (like remi) instill an idea of fairness or that I should be able to earn my lifestyle choices -- and I start comparing paul to other hard workers and realise he's all talk and no action (cept maybe in the gym -- but none of the actual work that he doesn't want to do). so then you may come to the conclusion (as I did when I was a kid), that hard work is really good for me *when I want to do it* -- so then now I have to find a way to do all of the things that I want to do -- but that'll strongly conflict with an idea of fairness and equality, because lots of people aren't doing hard work that they like (few people get to go to the gym and only do hard work there) -- so then "who gets to do all of the shit labour like cleaning toilets and stuff?" ------ as you can see, symbolic analysis will start to create a lot of dissonance -- and that dissonance gets especially worse the more that you stop listening to how you feel. if you could only go back to being like how you were as a girl, and just feel the way you want to feel -- right? well, you can't. your symbolic brain is starting to activate now that you're getting older, so you must now find a way to get your feeling self in alignment with your symbolic self.
	most people don't ever find that alignment, so what they do is they just turn off their feelings and say "no this is the way it's supposed to be" (ask remi about how well that works out), and they get really old and decrepit really quickly *because they no longer feel very good* (youth is defined by how well you feel) -- and so they die. there really isn't any other choice that this world has to offer, because the symbolic system that is around is so messed up, and stongly designed (or reflective of its creators) to ensure that you never actually figure out how attraction and reflectiion works. there are lots and lots of rules, but they don't really feel to good.
as an example, this morning a dryer guy came to fix the dryer, and while he was there, I could feel lots of really weird offencive energy coming from that direction (and also from outside). normally that would make me mad, but I've stopped caring about what anyone else is doing anymore (you're starting to care about what others are doing), so I'm not really looking at action and conditions as much anymore, and just staying with feeling the way I want to feel. I could have gone in and reflected greg's energy back to him and I would have been fine, but the thing is (at this stage), I'm kinda over being a reflector ("an eye for an eye") and I really just don't care to run in there and reflect his energy back to him. (like a child again), I just prefer to feel good and stay in my own world -- so I stayed in the garage-chair for quite a while, until the energy didn't feel as bad anymore.
so anyway, as you can see, we're going in opposite directions at this point. I mentioned a while back that I'd love to have a girl that I was "her husband and her father" (richard-3) and the thing is there is that I'd want to attain her at a really young age (preferrably since birth), because I want her to grow up as a reflection of me and start off with *my symbolic system*. you're not really like that at all. you grew up in paul and remi's symbolic system, so you'll have a lot to undo a little later on in your life (cause I assure you their systems are broken beyond repair, and if you want to go back to feeling like your young and feeling good, you'll need to pay a lot more attention to how you feel instead of the actions that anyone else (or yourself) are doing). so, in a sense -- if I'm looking for the "worst" manifestation, you're it.
	you're right in that stage where your concepts are starting to separate and they're starting to bang into one another. to illustrate, consider the difference between sirius b (which is essentially solid hydrogen with some gas around it -- there could be liquid but it doesn't feel like there's very much) vs sirius a, which has a solid core to it, but above the solid core, its hydrogen is liquid, is in quite a turbulent flow to it. we can characterise sirius b as being more "only-attraction" than sirius a, because as the concepts are not in a solid (steady vibration) state, and are spinning around all over the place and interacting with a whole lot of others. what I mean is, (especially for vulcans), as a kid, the concepts in the brain aren't spinning around quite as much, and are in quite a stable state to them. however, as the child grows up (this is what happened to me anyway), various symbolic things in my life didn't make a whole lot of sense, and so to figure them out, they leave that congealed static state, and start to spin around, interacting with other similarly vibrating concepts. well, since those concepts are still attracting each other, as one bangs into another, that creates emission (sorta like when a meteor hits the sun), and when enough of these not in a stable vibration (solid) state concepts are banging into other attractive concepts (the explosion they cause when they hit each other is the aha/orgasm moment where the light goes on and photons are emitted) concepts from all around in the solar system are running into each other all of the time, and that's what creates our "blackbody spectrum" -- cause some conceptual collisions are emitting IR photons, and some all the way up to x-ray/y-ray+ (the whole spectrum). so, the more loose the conecpts are (ie, it's an open question where it's desirable to have the question concept run into it's attracted answer concept and get the (symbolic/measurable) emission result) -- is what you're beginning to do -- you're going from extra stable/static into a more liquid state -- and as you get older the concepts in your head become more and more gaseous, until you finally die, cause the concepts don't have a resonant vibration where they're all attracted to each other anymore (that's the vapour that is seen leaving a person when they die).
so here's the deal: if that's what you want to do, then that's fine by me. I realise that in the symbolic/belief world, I such an event will surely kill me, because of all of the conceptual interactions that will happen in our orgasm/aha moment -- however, at the same time, in the world of attraction, I *know* I'll be fine -- though it'll probably be pretty painful and very not good-feeling, but I'll recover from it just fine (I always do), and all of that unwanted/worst will eventually (after a small disaster) turn into something wanted/best. -- so I really don't mind.
however, I'll leave the decision up to you (I'll reiterate this in voice to you once we're together so you know that you have as long as you want) -- because whenever you want to finally "pull the trigger" you're able to do it whenever you want (though I'm sure you'll have a full steering committe assigned to you, to ensure it happens when the drivers of other peoples' vehichices wants it to happen). bye!

#### 2024-06-26 14:05 - some doubts and thoughts

I wake up this afternoon thinking about what I wrote you yesterday, and it seems cOnfusing to some people how I could be so assured as to tell you that I'll die, while at the same time *knowing* that I'll be fine. it basically goes like this: we live in a symbolic system with rules setup by saturn (or rather I should say the influencers in the saturnian system) -- and they all have their agendas and such designed to maintain their superiority and stuff by feeding people bad idas and false information (the entire world is deceived; it's *wayyy worse* than even I talk about here). that system has been around for a long time and many guys have helped these guys install these systems (lenin, hitler, shakespere, and others) -- and while I personally don't believe that lenin or hitler, or shakespere (or any of the others) is inherently evil, they reflected a lot of evil people, and propagated the concepts that were around at the time, expanding them and helping them to use them better.
	for lenin and hitler, it seems to me that they were reflectors of the ideas and people around them, most strongly empasising violent suppression of people and ideas as a means to control (fear). shakespere and marx (though I just started reading about them last night) seem to be visionaries that exaggerate "positive" ideas -- ie what eveyryone *desires* (for shakespere it was thousands of virginal girls and a fun and gay society, whereas for marx it seemed to be the idea of equality am6ngst people without a top-down controlling system). I think lenin truly believed in marx idea, and genuinely wanted it to happen (much like I did with a social network), but ultimately became a reflection of the people that he was working with (same as hitler). in both lenin and hitler's cases, I feel strongly that they are quite similar to the narrative of the 7th-ray magician who taught the infected-ones their own ideas and improved upon them -- so for example hitler was able to show the infected-ones in germany how to use propaganda as a means of mobilising an entire nation to essentiall put military pressure on the whole world -- obviously causing the vast majority of infected-ones who are now residing in the united states (thanks mostly to shakespere), to jump in and ensure that they (the germans) aren't successful. at (roughly) the same time, lenin is busy teaching the infected-ones a similar idea (the one that the usa has adopted since the cold war for science) of majorityism (which is what "bolshevic" means) -- where something becomes more substantial and "the right way" so long as more people believe in the idea -- and lenin was able to show them how to use state propaganda to appear as if it's doing things "for the people" -- which again is another one of those belief vs knowing things -- and I'm sure the consequence of lenin on the russion people is that they've either accepted comraderie, or they've learned to follow their feelings over what the propaganda is saying in direct opposition. you'll notice that I also do the same thing for nosebook (showing them how it's possible to use technology and social system to maintain "absolute control" and have infinite tracking on everyone) that lenin did for the russians, oppenheimer for the americans, and hitler for the germans: we all taught the infected-ones how to use their own tactics better -- inotherwords, we gave them the manifestation of their desire -- which was a way to better control and keep others down (maintaining their superiority). it's quite possible (in fact I'm pretty sure of it), that deep down all of these guys (well, maybe not shakespere or marx, cause they only provided the visionary narrative) like lenin and hitler had a sense that they were improving upon the ideas of their leadership (for example, when I was a reflection of zaryn, me ideas to stomp competitors was a reflection of my upbringing (I grew up during the gulf war) and a magnification/amplification of zaryn's ideas that he would emit about being a tycoon like branson and stuff -- and if he had've stayed with me instead of going to rupert, he would have seen his dream become a reality, and would have had all of that stuff). wow long derail.... lol
anyway, that symbolic system of control and trying to keep others lower and subservient is here to stay, and it's not likely that the infected-ones are going to ever change their ways -- *ever* (cause they're symbolic and actually serve as a function of desire -- cause there ia *always* a balancing force of unwanted to everything, cause no thing can ever be wanted to/by all) -- so they're not going anywherwe, and never will. they'll always be around -- and I can prove that just by showing you the world now. for the people that want that system, they're heavily invested in that system. they like competition, warfare, factions, and comparison between sides. I'm the exact opposite of that (now -- I was like them before), where I don't really like comarisons, competition, combat, or factions -- instead preferring to use my *perception* to *see what I want to see*. so we're quite opposite in that way. now, I went to the extra length yesterday of explaining how concepts go from a highly stable (solid) state in their highest frequency (like for a child) down to having a liquid state and then when they're no longer held together by a resonant attractive force they drift off as a gas, as a way of trying to explain that only-attraction is the solid state, and is therefore the highest frequency (1st-ray), but as soon as someone starts to become logical and symbolic, then those concepts are no longer stable, and start flowing around in a seeminglg chaotic and turbulent way (because there isn't a common vibration holding everything together anymore) -- and that liquid/flow state is a mix of both attraction and emission (ie 2nd-ray) -- and so when conflict starts to arise, and those hydrogen atoms start to smash into each other, that creates emission (3rd ray). so what I mean there, is if I have sex with *anyone*, that event will be sorta like a giant explosion on the sun, where a whole bunch of concepts had been gathering up in opposition one to another, but eventually there's a critical mass (or tiiping point) where suddenly the different factoins of concepts all head into a spot (kinda like a battlefield) and all collide with each other creating a tremendous amount of output of photons and "solar wind" (these ar called solar flares and the output can be anything from EM radiation, ie electrons which are like tiny tiny planets going high speed, all the way to actual material in plasma or gas state (particulate iron and other stuff comes shooting out)) -- well, the same sort of thing will happen to me if I were to have sex with someone that is now as well involved into the symbolic system as you are. there will be so many collisions between our concepts, that (in my perspective), the world will have to become a reflection of me, and that'll happen for me. however, for the rest of the people out there that are still involved in the symbolic system set into place, they won't want to convert over to my system (obviously), because they want to continue on with their competition and superiority efforts, so while my effect will cause quite a bit of destruction of their system, they'll find a way (because it's their desire) to survive my output (like a solar flare) and figure out how to rebuild their system however they choose. (I'm not going to do it for them, and for them "it's survival of the fittest" -- so hopefully they've been doing a lot of hard work lately and are really fit, cause they're going to need to prove theirselves to stay superior like that). after that happens, nothing will be the same, and even the sun will behave differently too (cause the sun will also explode because finally all of concepts of mine (earth) that the sun resonates with will be attracted out to meet my explosion as well) -- inotherwords, a sort of cataclysic event.
	I've been trying to propose an idea where I can update my genetics to have a different system of emission (it'll use a whole bunch of frequency multipliers to ensure that conceptual emission won't happen at any frequency which is detectable to us at all (petahertz?) -- I dunno how high, but the idea is to put an output there that doubles the frequency many thousands of times) which will completely remove the problem of my output destroying their systems (because I'm no longer emitting at symbolic frequencies (like the guys making motor sounds are) but at much higher ones). that idea has largely been ignored, and I've fully given up on it. I'm sad that seemingly *nobody* wants to find a way to allow me to have sex without it being cataclysmic.
		though, I can probably guess why: if I'm having sex, because I'm a symbol of desire and freedom, it'll inspire a whole lot others who also want to feel that symbolic of freedom to follow their physical desires now too -- so sorta like in the times of shakespere (and queen elizabeth), sex will be quite prevalent and very difficult for the infected-ones to control -- cause other people's bodies won't have my genetics, and so therefore they'll be emitting (like the sun) on symbolic frequencise which will cause us to go into another "enlightenment" period of time -- which they definitely don't want.
	that problem will never go away, because they neither want us or anyone else getting access to genetics, because that's one of the main ways that they're now able to have improved control over everyone else. it's also one of those things that is a condition that they can use to improve the quality of their experience -- which (cause they feel bad), helps them to live longer and have more vitality, but for anyone else, they can use those genetics to remain stupid and not needing to improve, ever (which funnily enough is what the infected-ones are trying to do: keenp everyone stupid and not improving -- but they don't realise they're working against theirselves, because good conditions produce complacency and stagnation, and harh conditions produce improvement -- so they're actually producing improvement, by trying to ensure that nobody ever improves (which is why they're a function of desire, and so are necessary for constant expansion)).
so since there's nothing to do about those that want to ensure I stay inferior, and am unable to create the conditions that I want, my situation will not be changing any time in the future. I just hang out and find a way to feel good at this point -- cause my goal is to get as close to childlike (solid state of only-attraction) as possible while still maintining my symbolic capaiblity to reason about the world. obviously I have a long way to go until I'm fully there. I can either do that now (which is what my situation is offering me), or I can do it over the course of eternity (black-mirror-idea). I figure we're actually waiting for the "sweet spot" where I'm low enough resistance and close enough to only-attraction that I'm highly desireable by anyone also attractive (more than now) -- and to get there, I'm building a symbolic system (so like a newborn already with the ability to reason about the world and adult ability to express itself conceptually). it seems that's what they want (cause I'm a product of their desire all the way up until I'm hurting them more than helping), and so they really make the decision of when that is; I just keep doing my thing. now, in tthe previous entry, I gave you the option to "pull the trigger" any time that you wish, because I know that there will be a whole lot of steering going on to ensure that happens only when they want it to happen -- which is kinda nice because all the way up until then, you'll have to figure out how to feel the way you want to feel (I recommend taking advantage of your situaiton as much as possible, because learning to love whatever situation you're in really is a great skill to have).
	final thought: there's kinda a funny irony to me, because on one side of things I seemingly represent a symbol of sex and freedom (and that's how I'd normally be), but over the years, I've become ultra conservative, and lean strongly toward "chastity" now. what I mean is, "chastity" refers to the idea of "saving yourself" for the one thing that you actually want, instead of just jumping on the first horse that walks by -- which (I recognise thaat in a symbolic world means something diffeernt but in a world of attracton) is akin to fasting or learning how to find a way to summon/attract the energy that is required to feel good from some other source than the physical manifestaion of food or sex. in a sense, it's learning to become self-sufficient and an *individual*, no longer requiring someone or something else as a source for feeling good. so, I'm very much the opposite of what everyone else thinks I am. (maybe somthing like the best tasting food designed to teach those to eat it how to fast) I'm a self-contradiction or a paradox where I'm going a direction, but that direction seemingly seems opposite to the way I want to go (sorta like how lenin was trying to create a society of abundance and freedom of individuals be installing socialism, how how I tried to make a social network with free flowing ideas and ideological proximity built on a system of captialism and control). anyway, I hope some of my ideas don't seem to contradictory at times, cause they're just symbolic translations of attraction ideas. (which, IMO lenin is correct, because until the russians know what they don't want (socialism, comraderie, and propaganda), they won't actually find what they do want (cause they weren't looking for it)). for example, if someone comes to me and gives me a device that allows me to run my car on free wireless electricity, I'd give it back to them, because I don't have a car, and so I'm not looking for that solution. however give it to a person that's distraught with high gas prices and they'll think you're some sort of answer to desire/prayer. until I have a car, that's not actaully something I (personally) want -- and likewise, until someone has been through a system of endless people telling them to believe in dumb ideas just cause the majority beileve in them (like the "standard model"), they can't possibly want any improvement (ie, improvements require a "worse" starting condition, so the "worst" is always desired for the "best" improvement). pure-desire is difficult to wrap one's head around at first, but I'm sure you'll eventually grasp the concept :)

#### 2024-06-26 17:15 - states of matter

at the two extremes of vibration, matter is in a solid state. so for example, hydrogen which is normally (at low vibration) a gas, expanding to fill the space -- however, when it's at higher vibrations, it attracts other hydrogen bits of similar vibration to itself to it (like the core of a star, or the centre of the earth). those hydrogens come together and form a perfect cube in it's most dense (smallest space between each one) state. now, when something is that attractive and that dense, there's virtually no movement of the atoms around one another (ie no orbits or circular motion -- though I do believe atoms can swap locations with other atoms, maintaining the overall structure). that's pretty much the same exact thing that's observed of *physical* atoms like carbon and stuff, as well. (I'm not 100% sure on all of this cause I don't know much about chemistry so take these physical ideas with a grain of salt -- I can perceive hydrogen easily, but I'm still not yet there with the physical stuff). carbo (as far as I know) and perhaps other elements as well also do not move around very much at all (ie, they don't orbit other atoms and move around until they're in a liquid state (ie higher vibration)) -- and while there are many crystal structures, as far as I know, the cube is again the densest state of physical matter as well. now, as vibration increases (like say the temperature rises), it's often the case for physical matter that it experiences a phase change and goes into liquid state, allowing the atoms to move around again -- and in that (turbulant) state where atoms orbiting one another and things are moving around when it's most efficient (higest density packing) state is not the cube, but the sphere.
spheres and the liquid state is where all of the interaction is happening. in fact, you could perceive some galaxies (with all of th the stars that are going around in it) as being in sort of liquid state, where their flow is happening in a turbulant way (though becasuse of timespans, this "turbulant" motion appears quite slow, kinda like watching water atoms in slow-mo). every time that atoms collide/interact in these states, the alteration of one particle/star/water's trajectory will disrupt and alter the orbits of every other star in the same body of fluid. in fact, the reason why it's a fluid is because all of the atoms in the fluid share a common vibration, entangling them all to be affected by one another. all of these fluids can be thought of as what I call the "secondary rays" (ie 2,4,6), because they're constantly in interaction with each other, and their standing-waves and vibration comes out as a product of its interaction with other atoms. I consider the primary rays (1,3,5,7) to be the more solid ones (though obviously water is physical and in a fluid state, but just go with it for a bit). when considering the difference between rays, I consider the primary ones to be more similar to solid, cause they all contain an inherent structure to them ie (each vibration in physical has a solid structure to it which we call the "atom" (we can think of those as being the emissive and solid), and conceptual is the same, and we call those we call hydrogens (attractive, but a gas) -- structrual/symbolic is also the same and I don't know what we call those, but they're like subatomic atoms (emissive and gas) and finally desire in is like conceptual again -- hydrogen again (also attractive), but this time in solid state [I'm not happy with this explanation. I'm confusing attractive with emissive, but I don't know how to explain it -- it's like how physical is solid, but in physical there are fluids and gases as well -- but they're still made up of solid components. I'll try and find a better way to explain in the future]).
gas is a lot like liquid in that atoms are orbiting one another, but there's no centre attractive force where all things are being pulled together, so the atoms in a gas will eventually all repel one another enough to where they have the maximum distance between them (the opposite to physical). we know this is how it works because as temperature rises (ie, as vibration increases), the chaotic vibrations caused by heat in IR spectrum cause the gas to want to separate (it is possible, if all atoms in a gas had a coherent vibration in IR to stay attracted to each other, kinda like a star stays together).
I don't fully understand plasma state yet, but what I would imagine is that it's sorta like the opposite of liquid, just like gas is the opposite of solid. [I don't know how to explain this idea, but as I was typing that out, first I saw the four states in a square arrangement, but then right afterword it changed to a tetrahedron, where the "oppositeness isn't at 90(degrees) but at 60(degrees) instead. while I was thinking abou it just now, it seems that probably it's also opposite of a gas as well, in that it remains attractive -- or perhaps a bit of both. I'm not totally sure yet what I'm looking at -- so update in the future there. the solid liquid and gas ones I feel pretty good about their explanations though. I'm actually also reminded of the "memristor" now where it uses a combination of voltage and resistance (current is derived from the resistance): high voltage is used to set the resistance -- which means that plasma is likely orbits (voltage), which is used to set resistance (which is the solid state of being unable to move (because of strong attraction to something else nearby)) -- update later as the concepts get clearer :)]

### new version of time, and the individual
