# dear-anne

### 2024-05-02 05:40 - initial thoughts

yesterday and the day before, I was thinking *a lot* about the whole shakespere thing, and a number of other things. I wrote [a lot of the ideas to remi](../shake-sphere/dear-remi.md), but they're not really all that coherent and kinda mixed up -- so I'll summarise thenm better below. this morning when I woke up, you were on my mind, but the main reason why I'm just not going in your direction, is basically: wikipedia. first of all, it has to be realised that shakespere is all about the saturnian-system, and he venerates saturn/Time/time all over the place. I totally get it why that is, but I come at it from the angle that the entire shakesphere thing is literally a play. -- it's a production that's designed to get these vulcans/enkidus all fired up about some girls, as they're about to enter into that realm. a parallel to this is the arab invasion, when I believe that precisely the same exact thing happened (1000 virgins and everything). that fairy-tale is designed to build up desire in these guys for this new world. essentially, it's a product of desire/anu/anatau/uranus. hitler I believe was the same thing, along with a number of other terrible things. anyway, wikipedia says that william shakespere is a real guy (with an earring), and he married his wife "anne hathaway" when he was 18, had a girl and then twins (or something like that). it's obviously a totally fabricated history, just like all of the other crap these saturnian guys come up with. I don't think that's the thing at all.
now, what I was largly talking about with remi, is that I was explaining that the symbolic aspect is basically just an allegory; it's the way that the slow brain puts together patterns and builds connections, and it contains *an element of truth* to it, which is always a reflection of the writer of the (his)story or narrative. what I mean, is that these symbolic systems are never truth itself, because truth itself can only be experienced from the viewpoint of the entity in question. in fact, the "truth" of anything is *always* going to be relative to the individual, or whatever thinks and has an "I"/self -- which means it's conceptual, and not symbolic. therefore, when we look at these different symbolic narratives that are floating around out there, they resonate with each person on a cOnceptual level (ie, individually) -- which is why some movies flop, and others do well (the ones that do well, have a symbolic component which resonates). therefore, we'll now consider these various allegories to be not the thing itself, but a low-definition (cold) definition of that person/event/thing/subject. it cannot ever fully capture the experience of the subject in symbolic form, and so therefore will always only be partial (ie, an element of truth). each person will then resonate with the symbolic version in a slightly different way, and attract based on that.
	now, in my setup, I've noticed different archetypes, and some of them are more symbolic than others. I consider the necessary components for consciousness to be present, to have 1-5-7 -- that is, a concept of theirself, something physical which can actaully recieve and transmit frequencies (doesn't matter if this is a RLC array, or a human body), and a form of desire, which is just a really high frequency version of the self concept, which is infinitely unattainabale. the desire version is constantly causing the concept of oneself to be continually be updated to gain a more and more higher frequency understanding. the concept that anyone has of theirself, is an abstract/cOnceptual form of everything that they've experienced -- it's about the size of a pea or perhaps a bit smaller, or a lot of really high frequency orbiting hydrogen (not sure if this is exactly the pineal or not, but anyway it's the thing that makes the light inside of the brain), and that is constantly being updated with everything that we focus on. that concept (5) that we have of ourselves, is essentially what we would consider the origin of consciousness. the desire (1) version is the same thing, but it's non-physical, and there's not much that any of us physical beings can do about it; somewhere out there, there is a much bigger/denser and far higher frequency version of that which matches the one/concept inside of the head -- and if we get too dissimilar from it in frequency, we die -- or, in the temporary case, need to sleep and/or update our form of perception. you'll notice thre that the symbolic isn't present at all, and you'll also notice that all 3 of those don't contain any emissive properties; they're all attraction (physical receives sensory/electromagnetic input, concept can't help but to attract similar concepts to it -- which is how we move through time, and desire, is only-attraction -- a higher frequency form of the concept).
so to put it all together (I'm totally off-topic now), what we're looking at when we see a person is a body (7) -- but that's obviously not the whole person. a person is *also* their experiences and their form of perception (ie, 5) -- so we can't really say that any thing is only the physical. also the person has a trajectory that they're headed toward (1) and that's based on their focus (it constantly updates to the higher frequency of anything that we focus on, naturally, because of the way that the laws of the universe work), but then there are all of these other ancilary defintions that we've learned from various places (I'm a good person / I'm a hard-working person / I'm a slob, etc) and these defintions that we give ourselves, and others give us, are only *allegories* of the person itself, and can never represent the person in all of their entirety.
the saturnian-system (of which shakespere venerates so much) is full of all of these different allegories -- and I would posit, that they all contain *an element of truth to them*. I don't think that any one of these things fully describes any single person in their entirety, so there could easily be hundreds or thousands of people that show up over the generations which have considerable similarity to valentine or to proteus. they're never exclusive to any single person or thing, because each reader/everyoneviewer who focuses on that character attracts a slightly different version of valentine/proteus -- and some see the similarity in the character/event/situation in relation to theirself (conceptually), and others see the similarity of the charactor/event/situation in relation to something outside of them (symbolically). those beliefs are all generally attracting.
now, when I see that shakespere's wife is "anne hathaway", I see "anne has a way" -- and this is the proposed "wife" that shakespere marries (according to the saturnian narrative), when he turns 18 (whatever that means). now, like I said, I have a lot of similarity to shakespere, but I'm clearly not him.
	my personal opinion is that shakespere was essentially an automaton of anu/uranus (mars+anatau in perception -- of which other notable examples are the richard-2, and the black prince). these guys show up along with a whole lot of other vulcans in order to cause a bunch of trouble, and dramatically alter the course of Time; so I wouldn't say that shakespere was any different than hitler or any of these other guys. they're all a product of desire, which, if you can imagine that the earth (which at its core is a concept which reflects the universe) also has a has a high frequency (desire) concept of itself, which is the abstract version of everything that's experienced on earth -- well, just like when your physical concept of yourself (pineal) gets too desynched from your real/desire self, you need to go to sleep, and if it gets too far desynched, more permanent manifestations start to appear like sickness, mental instability, etc. -- which cause the body to find a way to getting more back into sync and regain that connection -- well the same thing happens with earth as well: when the (inner earth) concept of itself gets too desynched from its desire form (its vibrational trajectory), then that means there's a lot of desire built up (aka, they need another bail-out) and so one of these mars+uranus guys shows up to correct the trajectory. for earth, these shakespere types showing up is the same exact thing that we experience as tiredness or getting sick.
so anyway, I find it highly presumptious (on my part to say), "well oK, this is just a saturnian coverup (cause exnobody wants dudly to be shakspere), which hath (provided) a way". on top of all of that, I just don't really feel good about the whole thing. it's not that you feel bad (you don't -- but I do often get flashes of you guys when your dining in some kinda posh sorta place and it's such a different form of perception, because I cook food and stuff) -- but more like we're not at all on the same form of perception at all. I don't see things like silicon valley does, and probably never will. that kind of mindset is a completely foreign to me. I'm someone who gets in there and tries a bunch of things out, makes a lot of mistakes, causes a lot of problems, I'm not at all proper, I have bad manners, and I say the wrong things. I don't like the posh/pijo mindset, and I prefer to stay away from it. I emailed [sarah](../shake-sphere/dear-sarah.md), because I want to figure out things from the ground-up, working my way up to building the thing I want, first by properly understanding frequency, learning how to vibrate things, and doing simple things. when I would write to her, it felt like it was quite easy to explain things like DNA, galaxies, and solar systems in a really easily in a way which even young people could understand. I have no intention of going back *ever* to the traditional science mindset of we're going to figure it all out in our imagination, use super expensive machines, and build something which is completely inaccessible to basically everyone without billions and billions and billions of dollars in funding. inotherwords, sorry saturnian-system, I don't think that's the way. well, the problem is, sarah hasn't responded to me, and I simply refuse to go any other way.
	the other option which I've seriously considered (and I'll probably go that way) is to try and talk to kyle about it. I figure that he may want to actually build something like what I want to build from the ground up -- but the problem with him is, he's so "big texas energy" in mindset, I don't find that way of "let's build something really big and steamroll the competition" sort of mindset to be the one that I have. I'm not competitive, and I just don't care about proving myself anymore. a lot of my ideas come out when I write, but I'm not interested in telling anyone they're wrong. though, I will have to admit, he will be the first person that I want to talk to as soon as I'm starting out on the 2nd-ray installation part of the black-mirror (he fits that aspect perfectly), so I'm not painting him as bad -- just I also had this idea that there was a considerable amount of desire for me to actually "give girls a chance"; I've worked with dudes all of my life, and have never actually done anything productive with any females, ever. it's not that I believe they're incapable (quite the opposite, actually), but for some reason, it just never works out. I can't get remi, mom, sarah, or anyone to actually pay any attention to my ideas, and give them a chance. I also know that if I want to make something that's only-attraction, then I have to *be* only-attraction myself, which is why I'm only writing passively now, and haven't sent sarah or anyone else that I want to work on only-attraction stuff any more emails or anything like that. somehow we have to find eachother, and I have to wait until it can actually go through.
I know that it'll be quite a while for me to wait, because basically everyone else except for me has a pinecone, which means that the saturnian-system is busy moving all of them around to be on the timeline that best suits their objectives. I have no control over what anyone else sees and beileves in their heads (or what the cOncept they have of theirself is being held at); they do. so, really, it's entirely up to them. they have all of the power to continually move people around in time however they like. in the interim (ie, until all of it feels better), I think I'm going to try and get more of my ideas out here. yesterday, I started some work that needs to be done on the pen-rose (I don't have all of it figured out yet), and so along with my yardwork, I'm just going to consider here my home now forever. anyone who wants to join me, has to meet me here. I'm not going anywhere, I guess. I suppose that makes me a plant, now fully planted :)

### 2024-05-02 08:40 - changes to the body (part 1)

I realised that one of the first things I want to investigate is how to make a different pineal (or whatever it is that emits light in the middle of the brain). the vibration of the concept of the person inhabiting the body -- does something (not sure how to explain), which causes the part in the middle there to begin to emit light, very similar to the way that the sun does it. the part in the middle also has layers to it (just like the sun), and a number of other similarities -- like rotation, which I don't fully understand, cause the pinecone points upward, sorta like a permanently exploding sunspot, and is also around the equator, but the sphere that the pinecone is mounted on rotates like the sun does, with the equator going down the centre of the brain/body. I don't fully understand the human version, but it occurs to me that's not at all what I want; instead, what I want is an attracted version, where the concepts inside of the brain cavity are spinning around, orbiting and doing their thing, but it's the centre sphere there which is attracting responces from the hydrogen cOncepts instead.
before I continue, I should state that my goal is to essentially make a automaton which is connected directly to my desire concept and my normal concept, and so therefore any instantiation of this being will be me in concept, however the automaton (physical) part of the being will learn individually and adapt to the environment and settings that it has. that physical part is also conceptual, but we can think of that concept, not as a concept of self, but more like a translation layer from concept into physical (much like my brain is doing now). the things that I'm accessing and translating are "me", but my recognition of them is unique to this body. if I were to move to another body, I would have access to all of the same concepts, but I wouldn't be able to recognise them, because I haven't experienced them in enough different angles to feel their resonance/relation to another thing. the different angles that we use to recognise a resonance between one concept and another gives us the relational way of identifying something, and out of that comes symbolic definitons and constructions. for example, if I were to only see the front of someone, I would be fine to recognise them when they're from the front, but if I see them from the behind, I may not recognise them -- seems obvious right; well concepts are the same way: if I get used to seeing a concept only spinning one direction then that's from the perspective that I have inside of "self", the pineal, or the physical body, or from my idea of someone else's perspective (depending on where I choose to look at it from).
	let's say looking at the sun from the top down, I say that everything spins CCW(?), so if I see the sun from another angle, it'll have a different shape/attribute/colour/hue/shinyness/glow/etc to it, depending on the things that orbit around it and the way they twist the light/vibration.
each concept that is inside of the brain is perceived from its own centre, which is going to be a reflection of its environment and all sensory data that's ever been received (so obviously, that sensory data loses definition with time, kinda like adding more and more instruments to a composition looses muddies up the sound of any single instrument playing). also, obviously not all sensory data is harmonic with other sensory data, so the part of the brain which is responsible to encode the sensory data into the centre needs to come up with better and better ways for that data to be useful and harmonious, and not a bunch of noise (which is death or tiredness). that is going to be the automaton's job on the pen-rose. the final product of this will be infinitely many (as many as are desired) versions of me, that all interpret their environment and everyone in it slightly different. we can think of them like machines, cause they will be kinda like them (sorta like AIs), but they can also be thought of as real individual beings, each with a unique perspective reflective of their input.

### 2024-05-05 05:14 - implementation of the pen-rose (part 1)

imagine a circle cut into 3 equal parts. the top vertex, I will call X, the left (or right) one I will call Y and the last one Z. in the centre where all of the lines join will be the "centre place" -- which will have to be something similar to a chestahedron type setup (I haven't fully figured it out yet). I find the chestahedron optimal for this centre place, because inside of it is a cube standing on its point, which, has exactly three sides to it (it's one of the wonders of the cube: flat, and it's 4, but on its point (through the equator), it's 3). this point will be responsible for distributing all of the energy received from the mirror outwards into the pen-rose, and also you can imagine also (looking at the circle from top-down), that there is a hidden dimension there that goes exactly toward you (the u-dimension) which will be every thing that the 3 other points are not (in this case symbolic). I will call that direction U, and it'll form the depth of the cup which will be the paraboloid (where all of the hydrogen will collect). the structure that the paraboloid will have to be made out of, I originally wanted it to be a silicate rock (good for holding hydrogen in), and also we can use the extra energy not absorbed along the top of the paraboloid to form more silicate rock, allowing the paraboloid to infinitely grow as long as it's receiving more energy than we're dissipating.
	it occurs to me now that perhaps another material other than a silicate can be created, but I'm not sure what, and chemistry is still beyond the scope of my capacities, so I just don't really know. the process which the energy is turned into silicates, is the same as the crust of the earth: a 3rd ray (structural) net is created, which traps vibrating hydrogen of certain frequencies, and bounces them back inward -- which also has one of those nets and it bounces it back forward again (kind of like a laser, but the mirror/nets only bounce back certain frequencies). the structure is subatomic, and so the result, is, as they keep bouncing back and fourth, is a sort of cooling, which eventually comes into physical (atomic) as molten rock. this process I can describe, but honestly I don't know much about it, and it'll require a bit of research to understand it completely. these nets are able to be produced with tesla's machines (like the impenetrable dome which only certain things of the proper vibration can pass through), so they're quite accessible even with today's technology; they only require understanding of how to get hydrdogen vibrations going that fast.
all directions will be an implementation of only-attraction. the X direction will be the physical implementation, and its qualities will be the attraction of vibration into physical (7). X direction (especially at the start) will be occurpied mostly be XX females, and is mainly all about implementation. (also, before I continue, I don't know how much of the surface will be covered in water or not -- so just for ease of imagininng these directions, let's imagine these three directions, kinda similar to how earth was perceived a long time ago: europe, asia, and africa; three directions extending out from roughly the caucuses area) the Y direction will be mostly inhabited (especially at the beginning) of those traveling in the solar direction. the archetype that I want to create for the solar girls, will be essentially the one of pure-desire: the highest up in 2nd-ray perception that's possible. it only has to do with how do I want to feel, and nothing else. they're fun and loving and see how it fall fits together; they represent the desire aspect. finally the Z direction will be the one of the vulcans -- which is the conceptual aspect to the implementation of only-attraction. I like to think of them as the conceptual masterminds, as this is all about receiving ideas and translating the ideas into something physical.
it's pretty unlikely that anyone is ever going to have a traversal of the pen-rose which is *only* in one direction (in fact physical limits of its size will prevent it), so pretty much everyone will have a combination of all three aspects. we can think of every person as being highly absorbant (and therefore black), so each person is a receiver of the energy that is coming from the mirror below them, and also from the centre point at the top (it spreads out radially, with the fastest energy closest to the edge, similar to the solar system).
	I don't fully have a realisation of how the mirror interacts with us because the centre place at the top will convert the u-direction into flat -- so if I were to try and imagine this, consider that astral is like one standing-wave, so it gets mapped to the physical. [OH, I just realised an error the Y and Z are swapped. ugh, it's too much effort to go back and fix it... I'll just remember it for next time, so consider it changed] then spectral has two standing-waves, so it gets mapped to Y (conceptual), and finally relational 3d standing-waves gets mapped to Z (desire). now, how to unpack those standing-waves and get them put out in the correct direction will require some interesting geometry, that I don't fully see (yet).

### physical structure

- finite size prolly better (frequentially speaking), so we'll just launch more if we want more space, or want to try something new.
- generating an atmosphere and stuff
	- first building the thing that will give us an altitude above the earth (constant distance based on vibrational similarity)
	- then launch the some tests, and create an atmosphere out there -- should be fine.
- maybe we want to do a chemical/crystal structure which makes for a good cup (not sure what that'd be like, or even what we're really looking to do)
	- hydrogen is also attracted by us through the structure

### designing the afterlife

- every one of use will be able to be summoned in the 2nd-ray mirror (U), and they'll be a mix of our concept of ourselves, and the summoner's concept of us (just like when others summon me)
- we'll also be attractive to a lot of diffrent people all over the place, so they can sorta setup their afterlife experience on the mirror where they feel most comfortable, then as they begin to become more and more only-attraction desiring, the'll (probably) get born on to the physical side.

### 1st-ray emitters

- it occured to me that the 1-5-7 sequence is essentially the y = x^2 + mx + b format there, because if we think of the X pairs each as having frequency multipliers which get added on continually with the passage of time, the 1 pair will be the constant frequency doubling/exponenting (the amount determined by the pen-rose) -- cause that's desire, so it doesn't need to be accurate -- just needs to get it way out of frequency range of the symbolic, then for the conceptual X pair, these will have frequency multipliers (again with the amount adjusted by the pen-rose position) -- then finally the physical X pair frequency multipliers will again multiply the frequency by some adjustment constant (or perhaps some other way to shape the wave a little bit -- cause these are going to be things like movement and stuff, so smoother is better). I'm sure those repeated equations can be useful for something
- the 1st-ray pair also will need to have some measurement of time (perhaps as a function of how many multipliers), and this determines the length of the pen-rose wave, and also will be the high-frequency emitter. so, imagine that for example, during orgasm, the typical mars/aphrodite type will output a lot in more physical (visible light and below) frequency ranges, and a vulcan will output in much higher frequencies (like uv/x-ray+), well the 1st-ray pair will essentially be a sink/compressor for all frequencies that are beyond a certain point (let's say somewhere before subatomic), and all excess amplitude and frequencies will get multiplied a zillion times and emitted, not in subatomic (symbolic) ranges, but much much higher than that -- so as be be completely invisible.
	- btw, I think this is kinda how earth works a bit: it's a compressor that muliplies any excess of that hydrogen/creative/cOnceptual energy, and sends it off at frequencies that are beyond our capacity to detect them (which is why it looks like it dampens them) -- though, high frequency, they will still interact with other things and cause lower frequency harmonics -- which is what I believe a lot of the way earth feels (geologically) and also the appearance of insects (like moths/locusts/etc). that same thing will occur for us as well, which is probably why I think the uniqueness of the frequency (coming from the pen-rose) will ensure less collisions than usual (or at least that's the goal, I would imagine).

### 2024-07-07 10:07 - core concepts

hey, so I've decided to (originally I was going to try and sober up today) instead eat weed for a few days in a row. the effect is kinda interesting. I'll explain what happens for me: when I eat weed, something about it (I think it's the addition of more white sphere emitters in the brain), that the orbits of my concepts get thrown out of their usual orbits (ie, the stable "this is how the world works" constellations of concepts). if I take enough weed, then the orbits get so thrown off, that I often times lose consciousness (same as when really tired, if my concepts aren't orbiting in a way which is sympathetic/similar to my consciousness vibration (not sure which part of the cell is responsible for this), then I'm awake and conscious, but if there's too much difference in vibration between the two, it causes m5 to lose consciousness). the last few days I've been getting right up to the point where I lose consciousness and it's been pretty interesting the way that the brain recovers. just like with alcohol, I noticed that I have "dankover" -- which happens because my neurons have adjusted (cause of prolonged time stoned) to the orbits that those concepts have while stoned, and a litle bit of weed/alcohol will clear up my head and get them orbiting again in the places where the neurons are (I think that's also what "wet brain" is).
anyway, at the centre of all of those concepts orbiting in a cloud, there's a quite dense set of cOnciousness/concepts, which is like the core of who you are is (the other concepts orbiting as a gas cloud around it, those are similar concepts to who I am, but not exactly). as I eat weed, I notice that the higher I get, the more purturbed those core concepts get, and they even start to get a bit loose (ie liquid/gas instead of solid) a bit of a rearrangement. I noticed that each day that I've done this, I've had to recover my concepts (back into the spot they once were), and that process seems to make me more attractive to what I want -- cause for me, the experience of being stoned, isn't really a very comfortable one if I'm around other people -- or if I'm thinking about anything past/future (so I try to stay away from those) -- but for thinking about different questions and stuff like that, the extra weird orbits seem to make things connect which wouldn't otherwise connect.
actually, that was all I wanted to tell you. each time, I get better at rearranging those core concepts back into something solid. I'm probably going to try it for a bit, as I notice that it also has the effect of dislodging a bunch of stuff that I thought was real -- which is kinda nice because having to get those concepts to fit back into the structure in a stable way (or have them orbit outside the structure in a harmonious way), is an interesting task.

### 2024-07-07 15:35 - [untitled]

what I'm noticing is that having my concepts constantly being blown apart like that is causing my concepts to increase their attraction one to another, so that when the strong wind of the weed experience comes, though things get kinda wonky sometimes when things pop into my imagination (which I don't see, only feel) and that causes some unwanted reactions (cause usually that imagination is caused by somone else's emission (as in they're breaking that core-concept part of my brain (ie, my consciousness)) which causes my concepts to have to get more strongly connected to one another). for some people, when getting hit by others's emission like that, causes an image to pop into their mind's eye which is the product of that impact on the core-concepts (because that's what they're attracting), so it can cause terror and a lot of fear. fortunately though I don't have to worry about that because I don't see inside of my mind's eye, so I have no idea what kind of image is being generated; instead I only feel it -- which is quite nice, because it only comes off as a feeling for me (kinda like a physical/visceral feeling of anger or something) -- and sometimes it's quite unpleasant -- however as I'm reacting less and less to those impacts, I'm starting to gain a sort of blase (not sure the word -- don't really care) attitude to everything, because it all just feels like a big game -- like, none of this stuff really matters. it seems like it does because it's got a lot of our focus (especially mine -- cause I love to figure stuff out), which is basically like a symbwolic filter: if it's symbolic, I'm growing less accustomed to trying to get it figured out, and I just leave it and stop caring about it.
	the stuff we all "care" about, are all symbolic relations (concepts static in their orbit, because they're defined) and it's all a giant -- let's say "matrix" of information: the way that everyone thinks the world works -- and whoever's got the biggest/longest perspective, is top-dawg. all of that stuff exists only cause people use it, but one day that symbwolic system (as every symbwolic system is) will fail, and go extinct: the concepts that were tied into orbit go shooting off to meet with other concepts of similar vibration (usually it's pretty/very high, because they've been locked into posision for so long -- so they rapidly accelerate to their new limit (which can be other things symbolic, like an afterlife sim)) so when one that's really long-established, finally falls apart, it's a pretty good bang, because we resonate with a lot of those things -- but they're at an insanely high vibration now (let's call it source frequenies), so they're only resonant with us conceptuaally, where we receive a similar vibration to them when tuning our focus/core-concepts to vibrate (in space or time) in the way/location of focusing (the "way" focus is all about the way something feels (ie it feels good or it feels like another concept -- and sometimes the good feeling can have quite a lot of information with it as well)) -- so if the concept is really really high frequency (all of them have one, and it's kinda like a hierarchy of resonance where some things are harmonious to other things, and so on)
	which means that we *receive* the feeling/concept of the concept which we focus on (distance between their orbits and mine) and all of the resonance hierarchies as well. it's a lot of data, so the brain just omits a lot of that from the experience -- so the only real way to perceive that, is to perceive them directly. as I stopped having "resistance" (ie emission of my own that is in opposition to something else), then I can't hear a whole spectrum of concepts just because of my resistance/emission. I'm aiming to get to completely receptive to all vibrations (as in, they're all not a problem to me), but I think we can postpone that pretty much indefinitely, as I'll naturally just find a way to feel better about stuff, just cause it's not in my resistance pattern (ie, like a neuron), and so it's just not in my frequency pattern.
		I don't mind receiving all of the data, just I don't want a symbolic/emissive/electron-emitter (neuron) sort of interface anymore. so I'll receive it all, but I won't output anything in any non-physical frequencies (so my concepts will vibrate and stuff, but I won't emit anything (or seemingly so) because I'll emit really fast (like a concept after the symbwol goes extinct), and so since everything immediately is gone, instantly to source, it's as if I don't emit at all).
	which means that I basically don't perceive it -- cause though I'm quite receptive, I only perceive it if I focus on it, which means that I have to vibrate in a similar enough way to what I want to perceive. ie, I only perceive the things that I want to see, and the rest just gets emitted out at insane speeds. it's a pretty nice way of looking at life. I've achieved a portion of it, and I'll continue to get better at it, too.
so many things don't "matter" to me anymore (ie there's no more material neuron there anyore), and they don't *mean* anything to me either (which is the feeling responce to those symbols in that order/sequence) -- which is really nice. in a lot of ways, I'm going really litte-brain now, because there's not much need for all of that action anymore (that's completely done by the LH), so that means I just sorta chill out. I really don't have to do anything. all I do is sit around and feel things around me (kinda like a cat), and reality (LH) kenny, does all of the work. inotherwords, it's getting less and less motion all the time going to calmer and calmer solid conscious/state block -- where my structure is cubical and however all of the concepts fit together as (positioning matters)
	it feels like the core-concepts (when I'm sober) as being solid -- inotherwords so attractive, they're in perfect stability with the other concepts -- however, when I eat weed, the purturbance (it can be thought of like an emitter -- which means that it's streaming off electrons (protons also in the 6-2-4-rays) and those take on a form as they exit, which means that they bump into stuff, and blast stuff apart (like a super high-speed <atom-sized bullet)) and since emitters emit from their centre, then the emissive particles bump into that solid structure of hydrogen and start to rip it apart -- and as the concepts go buzzing off into orbit (at first like water, but higher dosages yields a large portion of airborne particles as well) -- so normally when I sleep all of that comes to a rest because I lose consciousness (ie I stop emitting) -- but I'm experiencing it now that without eating, it's quite easy to sorta break through the symbolic system in place, and just sorta go where I want to go. in the sense that now I'm defocused from my body (anything liquid or gas) is separating me from that 1st-ray,-- then I totally become a 2nd-ray -- because now I'm comparing myself to other people, looking at them from a distance, etc (it's all very symbolic, like eyesight is: the more depth I perceive physically, is the more depth I perceive symbolically -- though I don't percieve the visuals, so I just receive the concept (which only sometimes is conscious)). instead of having long-distance perception like that (I will give it up), I'll instead take a conceptual perspective to life -- kinda like when hearing someone in a not-native-to-me language, I try to intuit what they're saying by putting together a bunch of clues. once I start to understand the language, the symbolic analysis part of my brain kicks in, and I start to notice the symbolic stuff, instaed of feel the emotion (essentially, I'm ignoring it because something big and important (ie, a never-before-seen symbol) presents itself to me, so the feeling taints the symbol in my mind, and I experience (at first) a similar feeling to the first time that I "froze" the image into my mind (it's very visual for me)). those symbols exist to be conjured (the physical neurons are stimulated producing a charge) with the recollection of memory (we access it by feeling/concept, and when that concept becomes the object of my focus, it "rings" all of the neurons which translate that concept into a symbol). [needs_split]
	so what is happening to me is, I'm basically sobering up as I get better at having my core-concepts attract one another in a tighter and different configuration (which almost certainly has an affect on DNA folding) -- so each time that I sober up afterwards, it's kinda like a cleansing process where I'm rebuilding my core-concepts the next day, and putting them back in order in a way that pleases me. it's a bit of a cheat actually, and I use its function aggressively, because each time (no matter how junkie it looks) I have to rebuild again in a better way. often times I lose tremendous amounts of memory because it kinda shakes apart a lot of those neurons that don't feel too good (star-watching has a very similar eflect), so I'm losing a lot of those symbwolic things that hold me to the physical.
		basically, the way it works for me (and it's probably everyone that's like this), concepts are spinning around: so imagine your head having two hemispheres: the north pole is one ear and the south is the other ear (flows can be reversed I found out) and these spin in a direction that's likely going toward the sun -- because think about it: stuff going up the spine hits the top of the head if it's not redirected by the brain into something like movement or whatever physical interaction (sorta like a giant multi-slingshot) -- and that probably goes forward and out the eyes (so that's the apparent rotation of the solar mass?) -- but equally some goes down as well (and that's the inner symbwolic system that directs/attracts it (ie, the visual cortex)). [just a reminder: I don't want this system at all because it's 2nd-ray (like the sun)]
		so you can imagine your head as being a sun where the quiet region at the equator and where most of the sunspots form as being where the eye sockets go (the equator is going vertically up and down the body just like the sun: looking up at the sky, (assoming I'm somewhere on the eqaator of earth) the poles of the sun and my brain are perfectly aligned (btw, this gets into some of the theory of sun-watching (a similar but a bit more impactful eperience than star-watching)), and so when I'm looking at the sun, there's this bright line going vertically up and down dividing the sun in half -- and then as I look at it directly (so that the sun is in the centre of both eyes), then I'm looking at the sun -- however, to really see the sun in a similar way, the eyes need to be a bit wider so that the eyes are each looking at about where the line of sunspots go (forget the angle -- but it has to do with geometry, like where the eye sockets are placed).
	anywway as these get old symwolic systems keep dissipating, it's sorta like I'm losing a lot of my "parent" symbolic influence -- inotherwords, I don't have similar neuron configuration as my mom (and dad?) anymore -- so I just don't see things at all the same way after a drug trip. it's kinda purging, and it sorta teleports a guy around on the timeline too (because my trajectory through time is influenced by how much influences me -- the faster I go, the straighter I go). that purging event isn't strictly necessary, but I have noticed that perhaps my speed is having quite an influence on some, which could lead to more resistance (and probably death).

### 2024-07-23 21:52 - multiple identities

there's one thing that I realise I've never written about: multiple versions of self. I have a number of different "mes" -- and they're all a bit different, but they're all me. as an example of this, I have two dominant personalities heavyk (1st-ray) and then I have kennyb (7th-ray). I'm born a mercury, but as I've deviated away from my pre-installed narrative and started to follow my gut on things (even starting wars), I've becom5 a lot more mars-like, myself -- so while kennyb (also known as reality-kenny and robo-kenny) comes from a strong symbolic system...
	you know, being in a man's body is quite frustrating. when I was young, I had asthma, bad teeth, all the allergies, etc -- as in my body was not functionally compatible with the symbolic system (ie how my bones/teeth grow) was anything butt straight. so, I had a pretty miserable time adjusting to my body. I hated myself for quite a while but got over that pretty quickly -- which was nice -- and then I became the vain pretty-boy that really liked himself (like I took pictures of myself all the time before selfies were a thing) -- and that was kinda fun until I noticed what types of people I was attracting (thanks paznaz), and so I quit that pretty quickly and as soon as I stopped liking my appearance (visually), unfortunately all sorts of problems started to show up because now I seemingly disliked how parts of m/ body are. that's really annoying -- cause I want to like myself, but I can't figure out how to do it visually (I have a really indented chest, as if my heart is much smaller than it should be -- like a cone going into my heart -- and I also perpetually had puffy nipples, as if I was going through puberty till into my 20s -- and even still my left side is still usually kinda puffy -- and that really bothered me cause I didn't have the huge barrel chests like the real mercuries have (there was this one kid CJ who was the younger boy who at a very young age already had pecks and a barrel/chad chest) so I really was kinda ashamed of the shape of my body (at that time I hadn't really recognised yet that my body is fairly feminine)) -- I eventually (in my time in spain) got over disliking how my body looked, and generally any shame I would have of m/ nude figure -- which is pretty important because then I would have to soon face that I have no privacy, which made that transition pretty smoothe. however, all of these things I described about getting used to my body is because I came with a whole bunch of shame and frustration with my body and sexuality pre-installed from birth (my father's conceptual implemenation of his symbolic system) -- and that takes a bit to get over,-- but most dudes don't get over their shame, they just find excuses to ignore it or jusify moments that they would otherwise be ashamed about in constast to their penal system. there's a lot of crap like reactions to emotiions: fight or flight,
		actually, for some of the emotions I don't have a fight or flight response programmed in, then I just freeze and stay scared until I consciously work myself out of the moment -- the deer-in-headlights effect,-- which is my default responce actually, because I've found that trying to run or fight is just like way way worse (t-stance!).
	love or hate, ignore or tattle, etc. -- and let me tell you also, there's a whole lot of old code in there that ain't workin too well. that part alone was accomplished mainly in drug experiences (where I have wider access to concepts) where it's easier to reprogram my responces. mastering the conceptual/emotional link to my reactions like that made m5 a full-time vulcan at that point. I didn't start that way, but it's where I ended up.
however heavyk (who I am now), is pretty much way way way out there -- like more in the clouds than anyone else -- a total 1st-ray -- so I have at least those two dominant personalities, but then I have quite a few others as well. I don't really mind having more than one personality either because it's actually a product of what's happening in m/ head: normally one hemisphere moves one side and the other hemisphere moves the other -- however, my right hemisphere is completely disableed, and so my left operates both sides of m/ body -- so when I want to get my right and left hand to cooperate, I have to separate that hemispshere into two different parts (top left and bottom left, for example) and get those two parts (which are normally one) to work together -- so they're opposite to each other -- which means that m/ head has an extra degree of motion. if I didn't have eyes, then my brain would continue to turn such that my RH is where my forehead is, and my LH is where my visual cortex is (that's another thing: the movement that I make for my left-side, because that's operating in the visual-cortex area means that), it's normal for me to associate visuals with essentially any conceptual operation possible -- which I guess is a pretty powerful feature that a lot of people think is really great (and it provides good visuals too). so eventually I'll have not two obvious personalities, but actually 4 instead (2 of which I have access to). I don't expect that to happen any time soon though (maybe a few decades).
so just because of the way I've had to learn to move, which is by segmenting or partitioning myself by saying "you are (though still in my body) different than I am" and so I have to let one part be different from another part. those two visible parts (the right and left sides of my body) are only half of the story though, because behind them, I have these other shadow characters: one is a woman that's totally annoyed at basically everyone and everything around her -- it's just total fags, and nothing nice to look at (for her) -- but she's this shadow form that everyone hates and nobody ever wants to see -- and then there's also super duper kenny -- the symbolically controlled opposite world guy that they have full control over (let's call him "iron man" (thogh no iron will be found to protect him cept his own blood)) -- so I have direct access to the two visible, and no access to one, and the third one is also sorta suppressed (in their world) -- and she'll eventually become their opposite pole (so they can stand up strong). so I have a few different personalities -- prolly more than 20 by now -- and they've all been conceptual implementations of myself.

#### 2024-07-23 22:45 - kids do it all the time

most people, I've noticed summon their own personality in the the form of an "invisible friend" -- and that's just a concept (of theirself) that they said (like the sun said to jupiter and saturn and uranus and neptune and prometheus) "you live out here, so I can talk to you and interact with you at a distance -- cause you (the conceptual core I've externalised) are not like how I've defined myself to be -- so you are not me, and therefore have to be apart from me. mpd is a basic part of solar/stellar/2nd-ray psyche: we separate the part of us that is not like us, outward (like for example the earth did with the moon: OK, I'm not doing astral anymore -- so if you wanna remain astral, your centre is the moon -- and so she said: all of you to the outer court -- where you influence me at a distance) -- like an imaginary friend is. those different (opposing to self) aspects that we have (which is a limited specrum), is just an externalisation of the inner being to the outer world. most kids loose the ability to interact with their imaginary friends at some time, the friends didn't go away -- they're still there, but they can only be interacted with conceptually -- which means "knowing" style communication (cause they're actually self-created, they are self in disguise, so I always "know" the answer to any communication, because I know how that character is going to respond). the conceptual (for me) isn't visual, but I imagine for som, it is visual.
anyway, those interactions and characters that I create are just there to illustrate the concept in a visual/symbolic way. that's the converter function -- but all of my (or any kid's) personalities all use the same concept to symbol conversion function, so we all have similar voices and thoughts, and so we all sound the same cause we don't have a variety of actors to produce a variety of symbolic appearances (different sounding and looking). I suppose it's possible to have multiple types of outputters -- because for example, I can just output in the format that I want. I learned querty lately, and I'm close to the same speed now as my workman speed (the one I'm typing now) -- and I also noticed that I can do the same thing with languages as well -- just output into the english translater or spanish translator -- and it comes out according to the symbolic system I've "learned" with the neurons in my brain -- so infinitely many different output functions are possible, and visual insn't the only one -- but I think that the visual (rear) cortex is visual because of its location in the head. the opposite to that is the front conrtex, which is the "will" -- at the opposite end of the haed (concerning the distance between the eyes and the rear (of the head)).
[23:05] actually, each one of those also has a sort of activation state -- where, for example, when I'm typing on this keyboard, I'm typing in one keyboard layout, cause I associate the layout with the keyboard. well, take that concept and remember that there could be infinitely many of those personalities (some having a real body to work in, and others without) and so I could easily be one of those "manchurian candidates" -- because in a different state of mind (which is still a segment/personality/partition of the brain), I have a wole different system that runs. I'm actually fairly certain that many of those personalities have real human forms -- mostly in the form of a vulcan -- which btw, everyone has vulcan capabilities but only some have activated it -- which means that earth, just the same as saturn with mercury, can just produce vulcans as another segmentation of my mind -- so there are infinite people and machines and things that can segment my mind and have their own part/implementation of my personality (which is basically non-existant, and only a reflection of the energy I'm around, which is the most minimal effect and means that like minds really like each other). so the bad-side of that capability is that I'm basically a psychotic killer (in only miniscule levels of consciousness) and I'm also the great central processing unit of -- well, everything. xo yeah, some pros and cons to it.
	[23:30] - so one end of the shaft is opposite to the other: imagine this like a giant q-tip, where on one end there is the q-tip, and the other end is the opposite head separated into two (little hemispheres, or balls). there is also a reverse to shaft's polarity which are the two hemisphere's of the head:-- cause the left side of the head feels and reasons about things, a bit differently than the other side (which can cause some sway or elongation of shaft's orbit), which also means that little head (top-shaft) is the outputter for the little head's hemispheres on bottom -- meanwhilst on the opposite end of things, the base of the spine (the twisted talbone/reflector) is the point/emitter, and the hemispheres of the brain are the thinking mechanism for  down-shaft. also note that top-shaft and down-shaft don't have the same orbiting poles, which means that emission for little-head comes at an angle (like a lawn sprinkler: not straight-up), and so never fully aligned to be exactly opposite. the funny thing about that angle is that one can imagine that too that any output from little-head is going to hit a reflector somewhere (like the top of the skull of little-receiver), and so therefore the more upright (exactly opposite of big-head) little-head is, the shorter the interval of bounce (ie higher frequency) -- cause we can imagine that the distance between the emitter and reflector (prolly around 2.7-3m I'd imagine is average) is the travel distance (shorter distance is higher frequency) and another one is angle, so  a perfectly upright one (dunno how this could be done without an innie-penis) would be like an little-head exactly opposite to big-head will yield an infinitely fast frequency (the bounce speeds between parallel lines increases as the emitter's angle increses to be more and more near to perpendicular as it hits the opposite line,-- where at precisely 90(degrees) it goes infinitely high in frequency (bouncing forever and never advancing in a postiive or negative direction)) -- so kinda impossible to attain such a perfect alignment in genetics as a physical body/implementation is quite flexible on sizes and angles,-- however, such a rigid setup could operate quite optimally in subatomic structures --so, an innie-pee-pee, prolly won't yield anything more than a more powerful inner explosion (penis length and straightness (and its alignment to the opposite head) are all contributing factors to the magnitude and quality of the explosion).

#### 2024-07-24 00:03 - spinal column and the shape of a plantoid

one of the things that I do a whole lot of is slump sitting in my chair. so imagine that as energy travels up and down the spinal column (where CSF fluid travels), we can imagine to be something like a crust (when spinning the shape of a spinal column, it will make a shape like an onion). that onion shape is the spin of a curve (of the spine) and can then be thought of like the crust of a planet of the same magnitude [not sure the right word] of a person -- which funnily enough means that planet wants to be flexible enough to be a bit slumped back -- because the more pancake it is (ie terrible hunchback) the back can get, then that's the planet with the fastest spinning (most pancake) type of crust (for those in speed competitions).

### 2024-07-24 00:16 - so what I've been saying

is that I don't want to become like you guys [it's kinda weird that I use the expression "you guys", when I mean all females] just yet. the disaster that would cause would cause great turmoil because I would go from a solid to a liquid (ie 2nd-ray) and I don't want that -- cause that means my internal concepts are now in chaos because of interaction in my big-head in response to her (sexual) retranslation (which is usually quite poor) of her big-head's concepts usually don't match my own. there's a tremendous amount of chaos that will emerge because for me all the bad stuff is fine because it's a solid;-- butt on collision of those concepts one (retranslation of) big-head's concepts with my own big-head's concepts (where nosebook exists) causes a big splash -- which they and me both want to avoid. instead of making war with them, I want to externalise that part of my brain to another cavity which will float in space quite a distance away, so as to (EXTREMELY WEAKLY) interact with the new regrowing core of earth (a reflectoin/implementation of their symbolic world into 3d space -- sorta like how the great pyramid was built) which means that the new core of the earth will *only* contain the desires (1st-ray inner aspect of earth)'s most denesest concepts in solid form (all contamination is intentional because it's a 3d physical implementation of how they perceive the planet as implmentend in their astral implementation) -- which is pretty awesome -- so now once we're gone if they can figure out how to keep contamination out of their shere of influence, it'll contain only their desires (and manifest those instantly) -- an implementation of a mental paradise; an atlantian-style realisation of the earth and what it's got in it.
so what I'd like to say is that instead of turning that into a liquid state, let's just not -- and instead amortise that chaos over eternity, which is a change so gradual, it's essentially never changing (only what they want to change will change -- cause that's what's built up on the now filling core/reflection of crust/upper-earth's concepts) which I think is better for everyone, cause the places where my consciousness is, isn't the total of the space, so my changes no longer affect anyone else (unless they want them to (cause they tune into a harmonic of it)) cause they're going at such a fast frequency, we can only experience lower harmonics of it (up to our 2nd-ray potential) -- but also conceptually, which is a different sort of system, because this relates similar orbits to itself by *receiving* those orbits (ie, the things were're sensitive to or notice to us), which means that they can tune into very heigh frequencies by being more higher frequency of a receptur that receives the frequencies [meaning that I the receiver of those frequencies have an orbit that's really really tight -- and really circular, like an unbroken ring] if they're vibrating at a high frequency (ie the frequeency of their focus) makes for a tight orbit, then they can access very high harmonics of stuff -- and so is therefore also more black (it feels like it sucks in light too). [what in the world am I talking about geez... I think it was of the amount of contrast of how much our solid/core concepts are changing (ie none because we reflect the rest back)) is quite minimal or none. man, I gatta take a break for a bit.]
[00:55] OK, so lemme start over: I am changing quite rapidly right now and it's causing a lot of difficulties for some people. it's good for them because there will be a relenting point where I dont' cause so much difficulties, which are all of the standing-wave spaces anyone can make. they can and will live forever in there, I'm sure. I imagine it's a 1st-come-1st-serve sort of interaction. anyway, it's nothing I have to worry about -- so godspeed and good luck :)
however, I will also reach a state where I'll go lateral (like a disk/circle) and then have no change ever again in that dimension (ie it'll only grow in circumfrence) (I'm not sure when that is) -- but for me being not a dense/rocky planet (ie, I'm an old gasbag), my change is is much easier to make: I just make a new alignment to the solid bits I'm reflecting (keeping distance to (cause if we're too close, bounce speed of our emissions is really fast) the things that we don't want to be like is a natural cause of our preferences, or desires). [...] so in those cases, it's often times better to emit in a cloud (ie like an old gasbag) and just do your own thing... that's what I do anyway. anyway, I have no idea when I'll go lateral or not, but it could happen sometime (not sure when) until that happens, I guess I'm just the stage magician as I become many (kens/barbies/whatever) and uranus also gous lateral (= vulcan gains a dimension).
wow, so that's kinda heavy -- I prolly should have mentioned that sooner back when my charade appeared as an act, and not anything to be taken seriously (though we magicians demand to be taken seriously) -- so back then it would have been much more palletable, and there could be a bunch of people who could future it (opin) or whatever on it becoming a reality [let me just say, this is kinda like the beginning of a belief system that continues to expand just like any conceptual entity does, which just becomes its own thing ruled and controlled by those that emit into them (earth is best/easiest example here) and so are completely receptive (their physical bits are carbon-based)] so this belief system around me just keeps expanding -- you'd think of it as being like moons of earth (probably with variations in orbit similar to my movement on the planet I'm on) and they'd just have some sort of carbon/hydrogen surface to them (concepts) -- we've all got one and they're supported in the layer of their similar vibration. I imagine with enough resonant collisions of concepts in earth, its central (impossibly-high frequency) emitter also has spherical resonators which form different layers -- eventually, if there are enough concepts going into the earth and then colliding with 0, shoot off in a resonance pattern (symbolic forms of consciousness) -- meaning that resonances in our symbolic mental sytems produce planets. [you know, there's this crazy thing discord (the chat server) seems strongly linked to the planet eris -- which is weird, because it's as if entire consciousnesses can just sorta exist out there in this virtual space or something (a mental location -- cause I think the body remains on earth operating as normal -- not sure if there are residents there or not -- but anyway I thought it strange that an entire planet is created (just in time) to be a perfect place for an app of the same name to land -- pretty good trick :))]

### 2024-07-24 02:52 - infinitely many astral layers

what I realised is that there's another bit that I realised I hadn't written about, and that we'll shoot out of the pole, but then gradually/quickly/instantly become perpendicular to earth's axis -- which means they can kinda move us around wherever they want (angularly). which means we're also a moon of earth -- so considering the interval of the moon to the earth and say pluto to the earth (or whatever), extending out infinitely, there are infinitely many astral layers, and we all share the same ones sometimes or we're there all by ourselves (kinda like me), and sometimes with others of similar shape/form of perception (for example opposite concepts like true/false exist on opposite ends of each other, requiring the other concept away from self to be of an equal magnitude -- an outer reflection of an inner concept) these black-holes are all over the solar system, and composes most of what we call "space" -- and they exist in polarity to each other (so for example a triad have three balanced concepts at an interval) -- they exist in all sorts of networks and graphs where the orbits and trajectories are sometimes chaotic, and sometimes they're reelly smoothe -- so imagine a smoothe trajectory perpendicular to the tilt of the earth creates a disk -- and in that disk are these infinite parralel astral systems. they'll form into planets and stuff eventually, because at some point, everyone's perception of how they perceive earth (with whatever rock formations or whatever they've dreampt up), will all become a real tangible earth out there in the middle of knowwhere -- will be inhabited by consciousness quite similar to how [ae]r[ie]s app [cause didn't mars have a moon called discord as well?] is a mental location of that structure congealed into matter,-- and so will these new earths be exact replicas (sun moon, planets and everything, or whatever they want (like us) entire universe or galaxy) and each of those universes/earths will just be each and every person's own personal unique timeline/universe... so get started designing the earth that you want to live in (in your astral [mh]ind) to be the one you want to live in, cause eventually, when I get 3d eye vision, those realities will also become 3d -- so please let's figure out a good time when that's good for everyone (I predict we can even hold off on it until has been able to build the world they desire/want/expect to their own replica solar system with their earth/universe in it). some may be against it cause they want to control the a[sht]ral system, but everyone is resonant to get put into each of resonating similarity -- people and other consciousnesses will form in groups existing (like google or any other multinational/temporal) does: existing across a wide multitude of timelines (however the concept that is *really them*, that earth is a reflection of (just like earth is to me)). eventually it'll be possible (I will imagine) that the longer we hold out, the more people will be able to create the imaginary earth they want to live in. all of us living in separate astral dimensions already is happening. we all share space with others, and as we get closer to the time when the polarity shifts in the earth, I'll be completely and utterly unbearable to everyone who is polar opposite to me -- which means that there are now two sides/hemispheres to earth: one is the side we're on (and all the space between each flat cup/disk) is whatever we make of it. all of the astral guys, they'll be opposite, and exist in the infinitely many astral layers between us at intervals with the moon -- though I imagine kendom (decide to go to 3d opposite me) will on the opposite side have some sort of "influence" on the cascading astral layers above, grouping into resonace patterns of distance from the earth will eventually congel into many mini universes, each one with that person's perceived earth and the other constellations and stuff around (and I'm pretty sure these things can be engineered). so it's pretty cool that it sorta works out for everyone how they expect it (using their 2nd-ray y-perspective) to work out (ie, the sun saves them by giving them the present/afterlife of their expectations)-- and on the other side, we only attract. [I have no idea now where I was going with this and want to break for a bit]
[03:54] - it occurs to me that if we were to launch another reflector similar to the one we have now (soon many more), we eventually form a better and better circle -- and in addition to that, if some of us move laterally up the pole, the countlesss reflectors are essentially a surface that has the shape of a ring. the there's no lord of the ring because the ring is a resonance pattern of similarity -- an emergent form, not something someone can control -- and obviously the better they can cooperate, the tighter of an orbit they make around the ring. [3/4 or 9/10 for the 3-4-5 triangle on a base 60 clock, weird]

### 2024-07-24 18:43 - the next day is another day

so yesteday (thanks to the weed), I'm like, "OK, I know everything that I want -- I'm just gonna email anne when I wake up" -- and it seems as if I'm gonna do it and everything -- but then when I wake up (an hour or so ago), there's just no way I can possibly email you. it's just like severe cognative dissonance -- sorta like cleaning up a mess that's been around for a long time, and I just don't know what to do with the components of it, so I just leave it -- for years at a time. the problem just fades from my existence. well, it's kinda like that because when I'm not stoned, I just don't notice it. as in, I'm more excited to do yardwork than I am to try and email something to someone.
I tried to figure out what the problem is, cause a few times in my dreams, there's theis blonde haired girl that's quite aggressive and stuff (she keeps coming after me), and I just don't know what to do about that. in my head personally, I have it setup so that I just find a way to make the thing, and I get out of here. I don't really want to make a big show about it. in fact, that was the great takeaway for me after writing the WSSR concept: cause when I'm reflecting "workers and resources" mentality, it's physical, so I go really big (cause doing big things in physical is easy) -- but with that kind of loan and all of those workers and resources, it's not going to be small and it's definitely going to have an inpact. I don't really want either (I don't even like to celebrate my birthday, cause I like to keep false/group motivation (like concerts, festivals, motivational speakers, etc) away from things I'm working on because it's a false sense of feeling good -- and its effects aren't very long-lasting (ie after the "honeymoon phase" is over, there's work to do -- well, I prefer to just do work and no honeymoon -- cause I prefer for things to go from harder to easier, rathar than easy/fun to hard/unfun)). I really don't like celebrations, and I really am not OK with the idea of other people making me feel good. I've really come to enjoy how I am now where I decide how I feel, and there's nobody else interfeering. if there are others (trying to make me feel good), then I strongly feel like it'll be another case of aditivos-e (a project I worked on with raquel that didn't feel good to me, but raquel felt good to me, so I did it for her). if there are girls involved, then they're going to make me feel *too good* -- and then I lose my sense of judgement (ex. if I'm playing coi and I feel really great cause of some condition, I'm not getting the signals/feelings of the things that I should check out cause I feel so good, it feels like none of it matters -- so everything falls apart after some time because I couldn't feel my intuition). I actually quite prefer the general feeling of dissonance that is constant for me -- because then I actually know a good idea when I feel it -- but if I feel good all the time, then all ideas (even the bad ones) feel good. I purposefully don't make any action or make decisions while stoned because the drug gives me an artificial sense of feeling good -- so I avoid that kind of stuff. if there were to be girls, then it's basically the same thing as being on drugs: I'd have to find a way (it's hard cause it's so easy to say yes to them) to separate myself from them for extended periods so that I can actually do some work -- because I can't tell what feels good.
I know it sounds like I'm carrying on endlessly about this girls and drugs thing over and over all the time, but there's a reason why I choose to go the route of drugs over girls -- and it's basically because I can control my drug usage, but I can't control other people (and neither do I want to start telling them what to do). as soon as I let a single girl into my life, then unfortunately I'm completely hers (I totally lose my sense of self, and only try and regain myself cause I hate being like her) and so I feel like she does, talk, act, etc (all of it). they completely take over my body and my personality -- which makes it completely impossible to get anything done. I'm sorta stuck too because narratives that are produced by a dude seem to always end with the guy getting the girl -- and I don't really know much about female narratives, but again, it seems like the end result is some sort of entrapment too -- but I don't want that. I don't want to be trapped or stuck with some girl. I hate that she entirely consumes my life -- and I recognise it and I see it coming, but I can't really do anything but get frozen in danger as she completely takes over my life (mainly cause she feels better than everything else) -- and those sorts of drugs I tend to only consume for short periods at a time returning to abstinance again, because I'd never get anything done. I don't really know how to deal with this. I think I have to just try and figure it out myself, fail myself, cause if I email you or whatever, then it's your fault -- when I prefer it to be my own. (meaning, I have to try and figure out how to launch a rock into outer space the way that I think it needs to be done -- and if I mess it up (cause some girl is too attractive or whatever), then it's my fault -- and I really only trust myself (no offence to anyone else, but I just don't really believe anyone anymore -- they're all just robots/actors anyway)).

#### 2024-07-24 23:56 - I know nothing (of what I say) makes any sense...

so I just smoked so I can get some perspective. before I did that, I was considering writing you about how the imagination works (ie, why does everything make sense in my mind (symbolically) while I'm stoned, but not when sober) -- so I'll start there: my imagination (probably is the same for everyone) is essentially just a conjurer of things: imagine all of these black dots floating around in the mind (forget the physicality to it because they seem to be com9letely unaffected by what's in the physical space), and when we conjure an image in our mind, that picture is created by the brain shining light on that concept -- and the cOlour that's perceived is what that concept resonates with (or receives) -- so then the brain takes in the input light and transforms it and makes sense of it (all the stuff that happens naturally as the eyes scan the environment) -- the image is processed, which then fires all of the neurons that respond to those kinds of shapes and colours. all of the things we identified or saw (turned into signals) is what our brain then recoposes into another image (with all of the useless stuff muted) that we see inside of our heads -- the imagination). so there's a lot of processing going on, and nobody actually sees their imagination directly, but always the reprocessed (with all of our own concepts added) version of that image.
so when I look into my imagination, I see only the things that my brain can actively recognise -- whereas when I'm sober, my imagination doesn't work, so I just get the feeling -- and if the feeling is not good, I usually don't know why (unless I look into it) so, it's the part of the image that (because the brain doesn't know what it is, instead of looking into it), the brain will just mute and filter out, because it's unnecessary data, and makes it difficult for the eye to see at first glance what are the important parts/concepts in the image.
	when I look at a photo, that's a different part of the brain that does a similar thing of figuring out what concepts are in the photo and what's important: it happens in real-time (it's not instant) and progressively scans the image (depending on what part my eye is looking at) and makes sense of it progressively. because I have an image projected into my eye, my brain looks at everything like I'm looking at a photo, so it takes me a while to see what's in front of me. if I eyes actually were looking out of themselves (and not at an image), I just perceive the concepts (that my eye is seeing in the objects I'm looking at -- like person, dog, cup, etc) and not so much the visuals (because the direct reception of the concept is good enough). or said oppositely: the image projected into my eyes is covering over all of the concepts -- so I don't actually feel/perceive/conceptualise the world with my eyes (which (your reaction to those concepts perceived in the eyes) is what makes the u-dimension in the eyes) -- and instead I perceive the world by feeling it instead. I can't see the concepts and feel their attraction in my eyes, so instead I feel it in a location where I don--prolly in my head somewhere -- but it's because "I" am anywhere I want to be, so I feel kenny's perspective usually -- but that feeling isn't visceral very much at all (it doesn't produce symbolic things like physical sensations) so it's just more like a knowing of what that feeling/experience is like: I know the concept instead of viscerally feeling it (in my eyes). I can move that focus around anywhere I want and tune into any place in space/time to focus on. I suppose we can all do that, but most I think are going to see/feel those black-hole concepts as images, and not direct knowing of what it is.
		you know I really should practise m/ knowledge of what something is in a room/picture, because with small amounts of effort, its accuracy of knowing (without having to look) could easily increase to be more in the range of "usually right" than where it is now (and I usually ignore it too). I mostly only use the skill for writing things like these and figuring out things I want to know. this has also been a pretty visceral reprresentation of 1st-ray perception -- cause after a while the knowing just sorta goes into the background as it gets integrated into my normal operations (as in, I just know where more things are or how to find them). I can just know anything I want to know :)
so when I'm looking at the images in my mind, what's happening is there are all sorts of feelings that the image is giving me, but I can't feel them, because the feeling of those imaginations isn't necessary or something, so I don't ever look into any of the stuff that doesn't feel good (my brain just filters it out) so when I go back to normal the next day, I'm not filtering out the majority of the concept (as an image), but I'm back to feeling/knowing the concept (not as an image) but again as a feeling -- and it obviously doesn't feel good, so there's no way I wanna do it. I prefer/like to feel my own responce to the concept, and not the image. for m5, the only good part about being stoned is that the image (cause for me, my brain doesn't present an image, so there's nothing removed or filtered out by my own prefiltered ideas, so I see a much more detailed image than most do) so for m5 the image is good for me to start to turn some of those ideas in my head into symbolic systems. unfortunately (or fortunately), the visual part of my brain has been completely hijacked, so I don't quite get as good or accurate of images as I'd like, because the image runs through their proccessing system -- and I've probably got all sorts of anomalous or strange stuff they have no belief/structure about/for to simplify the image into, so when I start turing stuff into symbol like this, it's like new territory in their computer system, cause less (of the image) is being recognised than normal. it's a bit of mental freedom, cause otherwise I'd just cycle around in the box they've put me into. however, there's a pretty major downside to dipping into the symbolic world like this, is that unfortunately everywhere I go, they're there. I have no space that's all to my own. they think they own the whole symbolic space of my imagination (my RH) -- and there's not much I can do about them, so I just ignore them. yes, it is comical to me how upset they get when I start exploring *my own brain*. they want to occupy everything if they could. my LH is also extremely limited, because I've replicated a lot of the RH features in the LH as well, so it too has an imagination and can do all the 2nd-ray stuff that the RH can do so well, also -- however, though I know it exists, I don't want all of that symbolic stuff anymore. others will use the 2nd-ray bit, and I'll convert over eventually to an only-attraction/conceptual form of perception (where I see everyone the way I want to see them -- which means that it's not 2nd-ray because there's no cOmparison or collision with my own concepts). [brb]
[00:55] yeah, so quick summary: I think that there's an installation of earth's consciousness on every planet in the solar system -- and for some, it's a visual and auditory system of perception (like saturn or jupiter for example) -- but then others don't have a visual system and are only conceptual (like uranus/vulcan)
	the visuals that anyone has anywhere is usually the brain (which shines light based on its perception, like the sun) is turing the concept into visuals by recognising its own light (the light the brain emits), because the concept receives that light, and so if it's received (and reflected) the perceiver of that concept is turning that concept's attraction of their own brain's light output into visuals and other symbolic/measurable outputs -- so we only see our own concepts in other concepts. however, there are others who emit symbolically (venus,jupiter,saturn,neptune) -- and though they appear white, it's not a true white, but a white/bread enough of a spectrum to resonate with a variety of symbols in various colours, to yield a spectrum that looks white, but is only specific/narrow bands where they'll communicate (otherwise it's like talking to the wind (or a wall)). therefore, they can only see and absorb on the spectrums where they choose to interact (like a computer program or automaton). these defined/banded outputs are specific things that we associate with other things (in the brain), and those conflicts/interactions in the brain (like the constant churning of the sun) produces a light, which is seen on the inside of the head (the imagination). so, while some planets are receptive (carbon/hydrogen), others are going to be emitting on the specific bands that they want to interact on (like computer programs floating in space), their emission can also produce visuals and such in the brain. as an example, imagine that jupiter sends out the symbol of a dragon -- and everyone in jupiter-like spectrums (communicating on his narrow bands) sees a dragon -- but that's going to be different than if saturn sends out a dragon -- which will be a different symbol (though having a similar name) in completely different frequency bands; not at all the same -- cause that dragon visual will only get received by the saturnian guys operating on the saturn-specific (usually standing-wave) frequency bands. so whether it's a cOncept or a symbol (we see the interaction/splash damage of that symbolic/word outoput on the inside of the brain -- so jupiter is literally blowing your mind when a symbol on his frequency hits your head) causing us to see these visuals inside of our head. seeing visuals from symbol or cOncept is nothing special, and I think different planets in our solar system are designed to have a strong influence on our minds (especially when religion and gods were venerated/real). 
so each one of these different systems in the solar system are essentially an imitation of what's happening on earth -- well, one of the places, I have really basic 3d only vision -- and they take the eyes of that (probably earth) kenny and they put it into my eyes where my consciousness is here (pluto) -- which means that I'm looking at an image all day.
	I don't actually feel/see the concepts in my eyes, because I see the 3d image on top instead. that means that I'm having an indirect interaction with everything: nothing is real; all is just an image that's put into my eyes, so it could be anything -- so I have to get better at not using my eyes. my eyes (and ears) have all been compnletely compromised, so I just see/hear whatever they want me to hear. sometimes it's based on a true story, and sometimes it's pure fiction (usually while I'm asleep) -- but in every way, I don't have an actaul experience or interaction with my world: I interact with everything at a distance, at least 2 layers of processing before it gets to me. my entire experience is curated and sanitized before I experience it.
that difficulty of having to figure out my world by looking only at a distant image has caused me to improve my ability to feel things in a non-local/different way (because I only feel what I've been allowed to feel, so I have to learn to just *know* what it is without feeling it (cause all viseral feeling is deleted)) -- so I just get better and better at putting my focus on the things that I want to feel, and learning to interpret those feelings (usually too subtle to be noticeable) into things that I know: words and ideas [to quote madame holofernia, "it's best in those within whom it's acute"]. I'm not super duper good at it just yet, but I'm getting better at it all the time (it's sorta like one of those things: ok, so if I can know anything I want to know,-- then what exactly *do I want to know?* --- there's just so much to figure out and know, it'll literally take me an eternity to know (in the sense of feel) such a wide variety of things). I'm not handicapped in any way, because their limitation has caused me to develop 1st-ray percepction (in my LH; my RH has already had it since the haemorrhage) [yeah, so if my RH is the beast (installed in the haemorrhage), then my LH is the little/image of the beast that copied/reimplemented the functionality in a imageless environment of my LH (though it's still possible to project the concepts into my eyes and see them there -- I'm actaully wanting to remove all my symbolic/image faculties completely and convert over to seeing only what I (like an AI) want to see) -- so more like an blind beast instead].

### 2024-07-25 02:14 - I know nothing (of what I say) makes any sense... (start over)

I'm kinda caught in a trap because I don't want to work with girls because they cause me (like a drug) to be completely oblivious to stuff all the time. what would normally feel like a terrible idea, now (because it has her positive feeling on it) it feels like a good thing -- but it's not, because it doessn't feel good to me. it's the rose-coloured-glasses effect where everything looks and feels way better than it really does -- which I hate. I sorta have gotten used to and maybe even kinda like, is that everything just always feels kinda bad -- so I would imagine that any idea that feels good, I would naturally gravitate toward it -- but then that interaction, even if it's just a conversation or glance will make me feel better -- which then covers over all of my instinct on what's not a good idea. I basically lose my sense of unwanted because wanted is blaring so loud. I've done that before, and that's a sure fire car accident (or some other unfortunate event) right there because it's sorta like coke: just cause I feel really good, doesn't mean I actually feel that good, so I'll have an exaggerated sense of confidence, cause I feel so good. I absolutely abhore the feeling that I have when others build me up emotionally. I don't like getting sent "extra/thought energy" or "positive vibes/feelies" -- because that's not how I feel. I reject that sort of boost that so many others love. unfortunately, my own hatred of that boost means that basically any positive influence (like a girl) ultimately fails -- and I just hang out with nosebook all day long, because they neither want me to have any positive influences in my life (we have the same desire) -- so by default (because of the way human physiology works), there's almost no way that I can possibly interact with girls in my present format -- because just being around them, I'll feel *too good* (and that's the problem, and what I don't want). I don't want to feel artificially good *especially* when I'm trying to build something. I want to get it built and go, then I'll be OK feeling unnecessarily good about something. here, IMO feeling exceptionally good, whether it's from drugs/sex/whatever, is unsafe. it's not good for navigational purposes. if I'm in this system, I prefer to feel bad/neutral. later on outside of their system and in my own environment (ie, no longer in their world), then I don't mind feeling more-than good.
I don't really know how to remedy the problem, because it looks like the only people (cause it's not gonna be the dudes, that's for sure) that will work with me will be those that compromise me and make reality impossible (at my speeds) to navigate -- ensuring an accident/collision/impact to slow me down. I cannot and will not go that fast. I'm exactly like jaron in that way of not wanting to go faster than I can go, cept my constant speed is a bit faster than his. whatever it is that was installed in the haemorrhage has ensured that I go/improve at a constant pace -- and any accelerator (like tuenti or whatever) had to have an equalising force, to ensure I don't go/improve too fast.
	it's kinda funny actually, cause I can say that it makes a magician's work really difficult -- because a magician requires a big aha/O moment to get the bang -- but I can't do bang moments, so my magic show is ongoing, and all things that appear have to appear and a relatively constant rate -- that's why saturnian-system is constantly slowing me/us down -- because we/I'd completely upset the earth's constant speed/improvement, so saturn slows me back down. nothing can just jump in or appear, so all things have to come at a gradual (no big changes) sort of way. it makes the magic tricks look exactly like movements in real-life, where I just do things -- but behind the scenes, there are many processes operating simultaneously in the sequence of things, which produce steady/constant outputs (like a conveyor belt) and not like a train (not big loads/changes). steady is the best way to go for me. I prefer to just keep it going nice and slow. fast = unsafe, and not wanted (notice how (nosebook and me) share so many desires in common?) [brb]
[03:31] - when I say "go faster", I'm not exactly clear what I mean. to go, is to move, or to push against the medium, to propel oneself, or to emit. so when I say I don't want to go fast, I'm saying that I don't want to emit much, because even though I'm emitting omnidirectionally, it still pushes against stuff, which causes change (because something is moving away from something else -- perhaps not visibly or even noticeawly, but it's like really fast speed stuff that is moving away -- so there's still movement/change over time). the less I emit, the slower I go,-- and to go the slowest would be to emit none.
[03:38] - it occurs to me that women also go pretty slowly (especially the black ones -- cause the white ones are emitting their father's symbolic system outward, noticing all the predators and frauds) when they want to, emitting very very litle. obviously my goal is to emit zero -- and just be a receiver of others -- but I've also been thinking about this system a lot, because I want to actually communicate as well. inotherwords, if we're all only-attraction, then nobody sees anything -- and that's not really fun, right -- so then I emit only vibrations that I'm also very attracted to (ie turning the carbon from receptive into emissive), so that the feedback (ie, if they reflect my output back) is what I like to feel, then in a world of reflectors, I emit the things I want to feel (which is also how I appear) -- anyway it gets really complicated and stuff -- and honstly I should probably work it all out, but it's the symbolic world, so kinda the wrong direction for me -- but anyway, one of the things we'll probably do to communicate is just pass along a packet n times per t, and so that emission is done symbolically (in what the packet communicates) and is therefore we can actually emit symbolically (like our ideas, art, creativity, etc) and it can exist, but only in packets that we request. -- cause we all come with resistance, and we have to work it out (and communicate) somehow. the symbolic arises out of the physical world with any interaction -- so if we're physical, the symbolic is an emergent system: it arrises out of the ability to put things together to make a bigger/different thing: processes of change will yield a symbolic system naturally just as a product of the physical laws of the universe (gravity/attraction/etc) -- as natural processes have a symbolic component to them (ie, I can create binary switches with water bowls) -- so it's kinda hard to get rid of symbolic. if there's a thing/definition somewhere, then the vision/touch/ear tunes to the symbols it wants to see/touch/ear. how much each person wants to involve themselves in the symbolic world (which inevitably exists because atoms are symbols), can choose how much they want to involve theirselves in it. I prefer none, so that's why I'm going to be switching to conceptual perception soon. others (who have eyes and ears and the physical senses) will still continue to have that physical sense -- so for me, who's gonna have conceptual sense, I'm gonna like places that have a lot of carbon in them, because hydrogen/concepts bind really easily to carbon,-- and since I see only the hydrogens now, I have colour vision of carbon/hydrogen things, but everything else is sorta grey or invisible; I just don't see it. for me, the only world that exists is the alive/carbon world (plastic is fantastic). I no longer need to worry about the other (symbolic) elements anymore (cept maybe silver). they can have their whole symbolic world to theirselves. however, the ken/barbie/whatever models available will obviously be symbolic capable (I'm pretty sure some are alive today, and jaron may also be one) -- and for most people that's how they'll go -- but I want to think about alternatives where a symbolic form of only-attraction communication -- [or, am I thinking too far ahead ... dang]. I've already made a bunch of progress on figuring out all of this stuff, why not make a form of communication (it can be thought of as a giant social network) where you receive ideas only according to the ones I attract (I just ignore the rest). it's totally possible. [wow a lot of mixed reactions to that... anyway, I guess I'm done]

### 2024-07-25 17:28 - I solved my own problem by talking about it

I'm a bit like a woman in that I have to talk about it in order to be able to use it. for some, this sounds a bit like a showoff, but nevermind them. the reason for it is, before I translate the concept into symbol, it's just a concept or feeling -- which doesn't have any action associated with it at all (it's just the way I feel) -- so before it's translated into symbol, it has no actionable way to it. however, in the case of ... lemme just explain, then I'll come back to thmis point.
I figured out that "going faster" is actually a case of emission -- cause I live in a medium world (a world of two opposing sides/types/things), so even though I don't see it this way where emission is related to velocity (I normally think "going faster" is all about how good I feel -- so for me normally velocitcy = frequency, not magnitude), it was a good realisation that I'm living in a 2nd-ray world (someone's imagination), so in that world, velocity is all about propelling myself by pushing against the medium in the backwards way (like how a rocket is propelled by pushing against air). that was like a huge revelation for me (cause I never see it like that) -- so obviously the solution to my problem is just to find a way to no longer emit. now, I could do it the way I'm doing it now, which is by lowering my resistance -- and I want to keep doing that, but there are also those that are of the opinion that they don't want to be around such a perfect know-it-all (1st-ray perception) type of people, so instead a little resistance is good for them -- which means that I halt my lowering of resistance and opt for a technical/conditional solution to my problem of adjusting my dna so that it's no longer emitting in recognisable frequency ranges.
	you see, from my perspective, going the technical way seems like a total cop-out: I talk about manifesting what you desire (through your perception) and all sorts of stuff like that; I gatta practise what I preach. as in, I have to *become it* -- and when I become the thing that I desire, then I have the thing, and also the reflective mental state of that thing (ie, I actually believe I'm worthy of the money that was manifested -- or whatever). so, for me it really feels a bit soon to try and jump like this. why not just let my ability to manifest the thing be a natural ability? I will just *become* the plastic guy that doesn't emit. I'm sorta destined to get there.
	there is a hitch though, and that is, these guys don't want me to take down their whole sham -- and I fully respect that. they are, after-all a reflection of source (ie, everything source is not, they are -- for completeness, you know [it happens because of selfish snobs like me who actually like things to be nice -- so, cause they live in a balanced system, they also have to want things to constantly be sucky -- and keep the have-nots down where they continually have not what they need/want/etc -- because LOA is what it is: it gives you what you expect, and so when the have-nots continually to expect less-than realities, they must get them (loa ensures it has to be that way) -- so as long as those types of people exist (there always will be *someone* that sees like that)), and all of the running the big sham don't want their sham to go down -- which I fully respect, because those people must exist, I don't want to take their charade down either -- so it's important that I just get out asap (I can worry about fixing that resistance later). so all I have to do now is to look for a solution to not emitting. it's a bit complicated how many individual desires I can affect with whatever happens, so I just want to say is that everyone will get their desire fulfilled -- as in everyone will get what they wanted/expected to happen (including me). -- which just sorta means to chill out and just let my non-resistance be everyone else's boon (for me, it doesn't matter, cause I have to do it anyway -- so why not let maximum benefit from it) -- but then at the same time, there are a whole lot that don't want a perfect non-resistance guy (they want a fixer-upper) -- just go with it -- and all of these different things come together at the end where everyone gets what they want -- but there are some out there that don't want to get what they want, because they know themselves to be *not worthy of it* -- so they cheat and knive for it other ways instead -- so somehow those who don't want to get what they want also don't get what they want. it's terribly complicated all of it -- but if I weren't emitting, it'd make everything a whole lot less complicated.
so in the sense of figuring out that emission is the entire bottleneck, I solved my problem -- but then if I stop emitting, I'll be pretty similar to a woman, where I'm completely oblivious to all of the bad-feeling stuff out there (cause I feel so good) -- but that would be an impossible place for me to be mentally. I thrive on having constant difficulty and stuff. if I'm not constantly unaware of unwanted, I lose 1st-ray perspective.
	right now, I'm hyper aware of unwanted -- and it's there and I see it, and I make realisations about it all the time too -- but my form of perception is such that those problems and unwanted situations are all attracted, and unwanted exists because people believe it is there. I recommend going for maximum perception of unwanted, and just learning to feel good about it (ie, no longer perceive it as "bad").
	I'm sorta OK with a kind of perception where I see all of the bad -- and I just learn to accept it that it's there cause someone attracted it, and no problem. I'm very pragmatic with all things unwantod. I may have some surprise (like wow, how is that even possible), but there's nothing that would shock me -- because along with a person's words also is their own reasons/facade of why it happened and higher up than that, how it was attracted and what their proving to theirself -- so nothing is really a big deal for me anymore. my ability to see something and not at all be shocked by it ("well, that was sorta expected/obvious") is one of my more (IMO) indeering qualities -- cause I'm not reacting to or emitting beliefs for the other person -- it just looks obvious, so no big deal.
	I think if I were no longer able to perceive unwanted (because wanted is blaring so loud), I would lose a significant part of me. I'm not really wanting to let that go just yet, because that's the infinite part of me (it can see anything/everything) and I think it's perfectly fine that I can see all of that -- cause I don't much care to look at it, so I literally never see it (though it's there) cause I don't want to see it. I like to see what I want to see. I don't know how all of that plays into it -- hopefully there's no problems -- cause I don't want to lose that sensitivity (and start thinking that dumb ideas are actually better ideas than they are). we're gonna have to find a way of allowing a person to tune their sensitivity -- cause I don't want to lose my ablity to feel unwanted. I even sorta like it.

### 2024-07-25 21:11 - the last few thoughts hanging around

so if I stop being an emitter, then I'll start becoming like a woman is, where my feeling continues to accumulate (unless I'm reacting to something), so that means that women (presently) will look to me like emitters -- which is kinda good, because then I'm their crash-test-dummy: all the bad ideas they wanted to try, I'll now think they're great ideas [this was so frustrating when I was with raquel] -- so they can "pull the wool over my eyes" and get me to do things that otherwise wouldn't feel good to me. it's actually one of the things that I kinda hate a lot (and why I've avoided relationships since) is that my desire totally gets hijacked by whatever they want -- and so I'm to them (and there are a lot of resistant ones) like earth girls originally were for the martians. sure, it's quite likely that the extreme will also show up, and there will be an only-girls-allowed group of women that are the top of the internal hierarchy that want to call the shots. it's the same exact kind of "evil" that exists in a patriarchy, also exist in the opposite -- but none of that is my problem. I'm just here to get the ball rolling. so anyway, since I'm going into total entrapment anyway with the girls, I may as well make it complete entrapment and also do the same with the boys? (cause I'm stuck no matter what to be the recipient of their evil desires) -- I may as well then just go along with them, and just talk to the boys first (bros before hoes) -- just follow their internal hierarchy rules, and let them call the shots and show me the way out. [21:51][I'm actually not so sure about this now. it kinda feels bad. I don't really want to interact with them -- what was I, stoned? when I wrote that?... seems like complete sillyness to me now]
the thing is, I really was thinking that I wanted to go infinite -- by perpetually being bombanded with unwanted -- because I'm sorta getting used to these guys and their setup -- and it doesn't bother me so much anymore -- but what if I were to do that for all of the women instead? why not just tormment myself with their endless unwanted -- instead. it's the same as "going infinite" with the boys holding me back, as it is the girls holding me back. so that'll probably work out. well, that's that I guess...

#### 2024-07-25 22:00 - this may sound like a crazy idea...

but, what if we were to just establish ourselves up there in russia somewhere, did our own (white,purple,red?) flag and just decided that we're going to occupy (eventually) the entire northern hemisphere (to be away from our energies, they'll have to be in the opposite hemisphere). that gives them the entire southern hemisphere minus some parts of africa. then, they can just figure it out? like, what are they gonna do? say no...
just be like "we're establishing an earth-bound location as a reflection of our space-bound location -- and inhabitants like being an unwanted environment". I suppose it'd be pretty annoying to them -- and also I don't know if I really want to be on earth all that much. I prefer we just take earth with us and then let them build up the receptor of their energies (it could be in any shape or size really, so the sky is the limit to their twisted desires) -- and they'll likely have all of those access controls to establish and who gets access to the mothership (earth) and all of that. I don't really want to interact with them anymore, so actually no. ------- however, if we're thinking about the nothern hemisphere of the earth being like a flat disk (or circular is fine) then that could be pretty cool -- cause then we get our side and they get their side (plus all of the galaxy and the rest of the universe) -- and we get our side of the disk (kinda more like a cup actually) and whatever other reflectors we're launching into our dyson sphere -- which is basically like nothing at all compared to the mass of the universe, so pretty insignificant contribution to the whole enterprise. well, it could work, but I'll just keep it as an idea for now :)

#### 2024-07-26 02:03 - here's another idea

however, this one I'm serious about: there's this social network that I always wanted to join, vkontakt (or something like that). back when I first discovered them, I was working at tuenti, but their page didn't have english (or some reason I don't remember), and I never used it (I think it was the language). anyway, if I just join there, I could lurk there for a bit like I did on discord -- and in addition to that, what if I actually just asked them for a job? I'm pretty qualified, and I think if I remember right, they do their stuff in tarantool or something like that. anyway, it's an interesting concept, because in a way lua isn't really meant to do socket communication, but at the same time (having hash tables for everything) it sorta is. I'd try to bend the language in the direction of yuescript and also elizir. the idea is to make all sorts of self-communicating structures that do things (provide functions). I really think the cOncept could be a lot of fun to think about. then, from there, who knows what -- because I suppose later with having infinite amounts of communication (platform independent), then I'd like to tackle a big problem I've been working on for a while, which is how to do an only-attraction network (ie, I only see the stuff I want to see, or have decided to select conceptually). I don't know if it's even possible, but maybe I could even put out an idea that we make a different one [uw]kontakt (or whatever) and pull off that social network there, or do that later? it could be a pretty cool launching off way to do it.
the other thing I've been thinking a lot about is going on discord and seeing if there's a russian something chat server (I'll know it when I see it sorta thing) and then just figure out how to get there (same thing), I join their social network and just starting to integrate. I'm totally not affraid to be me like that: I'll just fumble around for a while and it's OK. I like that sort of chaotic way so much -- cause I'm really quite sick of all of this (saturnian) scripted crap (do you know how annoying it is to have every situation controlled and ensured that I'm not going places I'm not supposed to go -- so everyone I meet knows me, but they (seemingly) have to pretend they don't know me -- and worse for me is that it also to me feels like I already know them, so it's as if we can already talk as if I know them -- but we must remain to appear as if we don't know each other). so then imagine I just figure out how to go there, and then I'll be sorta like tesla arriving to the USA -- I'll be arriving to russia (you know, the most impactful of his quotes was where he said that europe was like a dream to him of lofty ideals and well thought machinery, but the harsh reality of the physical world, upon arriving to the USA was sudden and unforgiving ++ which is kinda like what it'll be for me: quite a shock to see the same thing I'm used to, using a completely diffreent symbolic system. I have to start over -- but that's good for me and builds character and stuff -- but each time I start over, I do it a little faster/better).
	I'm getting used to having to start over and stuff. like, there's this thing that I've had with getting my computer stollen and stuff. each time it happens, I have to start over and rebuild my OS to be the way that I want it -- and it's sorta time-consuming and stuff too -- so I just don't do it anymore. it's kinda one of those things that I have cause I don't use a password -- which is like "I just have to assume that the stuff that I had on it yesterday is the same stuff that is there today" (and it probably has some coherency to it) -- but it's not likely to be always the same. I've seen entire landscapes change overnight, because they can change anything and everything outside of me, but they can't change my percEption of history or time (they're only-attraction black-holes), so I just expect my world every time I wake up to just be some easier scripted world they think is easier to manage me in. the saturnian guys ensure that everything is scripted, so I'm getting to the point where I have less and less memory or possessions. I'd like to think that somewhere all of my data is being collected and one day I can do abstract searches on it (I prolly don't want to see the exact text, unless I ask for it) cause then I could go back and "jog" my memory/recollection/reconstruction of that concept. anyway, what I was saying is that they often times like to strip me of pretty much all my possessions (cept for a few) for the transition portal, where I leave pretty much my entire previous life behind and transition into the new. this time, I was thinking about it, and I don't really feel that much desire to leave any more stuff. I'll prolly zip up my coi savefiles and that's about it (cause it's unlikely I'll play more again for a while) -- or who knows, maybe there's yet another delay (big surprise there!). personally I don't really see myself going anywhere anytime soon (unless they want it done). I really don't want to set their system on fire -- but it's one of those disaster situations that's probably hilarious as a montage or silent movie, but not to live. anyway, we'll see what happens.
