# dear-raquel

### 2024-06-15 12:57 - hi

hi, I debated yesterday whether I should message you today and tell you happy birthday. I also declined to message tim as well (he was my childhood friend and born 24-36h before you). my reasons for him are roughly the same as my reasons for you: there's just nothing that I can gain by trying to make contact, and it just doesn't feel good. for example with tim, he'd constantly call me "dufus" and other names to ensure that I felt stupid. he also called me titus too (which was a bit weird). the way he felt to me calling me those names was kinda like how paul felt to me when I saw him call allie an idiot -- inotherwords, he's identifying something in himself he doesn't like (idiot) and calling allie that. well tim is/was the same way too, and he'd call me all the things he thought about himself.
	this is actually quite a common trope I noticed with vulcan types, and I've kinda worked out that the reason for this is because vulcans contain a lot more of these sort of "black holes" types of hydrogen orbs inside of the brain (much more than the white spheres), which *attract light* instead of emitting it -- which means that he'd simply see (and is hyper aware of) all of the concepts that he's attracted to -- and one of those happens to be dufuses -- so he'd point those out to me. it's very much the same as paul when he's on the lookout for showoffs and douchebags doing their usual chuleria or "machismo" as you would call it, cause you too I've come to realise also are the same as us as well (a vulcan).
so, I just don't really care to talk to someone like that. however for you, the main reason why I don't really want to contact you, is because you can't really help me. when I went to visit you in barcelona, I'd love it that I could be around you and stuff, but the problems that I'd accumulated in madrid were growing rapidly, and I needed to fix them (I'd been ignoring them for a long time living in berlin and stuff), and so I decided that I'd try and get you involved, cause hopefully you could bail me out of my problems and kinda help me get organised and stuff (like mom would do for me) -- however, that was obviously not going to happen, because you're a lot like me, and I didn't really know at the time that from an attraction perspective, I was actually trying to lose all of my money as quickly as possible, because I was so much more unhappy with it.
well, nowadays, I'm in a similar sort of situation where I have a whole lot of problems around me that I've simply been ignoring -- such as greg and jaron and all of the issues related to my present situation. I just kinda avoid them at this point, hoping that the problem will go away by itself -- but obviously it won't. so, I'm not really all that interested in dragging you into my problems again, and trying to see if you can fix them for me. I did that once, and I don't plan to do that ever again; it's just not worth it to me. there's also not really anything you can offer -- cause it's just not your personality type -- like for example, if I were to want to try and clean up all of these documents and/or get them published, then I'd need someone that's *symbolic* and motivated -- and you're not really like that. we could hang out and smoke weed and stuff, but that's probably it -- but that'll obviously lead to sex, and I'm neither all that motivated to smoke (though I may buy another can or two and do a 2-3 day exploratory/discovery thing again if I get the money, but it's really low priority) and I *definitely don't want to have sex*.
	why? because it's not the direction that I want to go. when I was with you, I always had a strong sense that I should use artificial stimulants to try and make up for emotional deficiency. do you remember when we came to madrid and I didn't really want to smoke, and you were in a terrible terrible mood? well, behind the scenes there, dani was like, "dude she needs to smoke; she's not a robot like you" and he came over with some weed for you, and sure enough you chilled out a lot -- so I just decided that we'll just be doing smoking so that your mood doesn't tank so much. that's only one example of quite a few, but it has a really strong effect on me as well, because I feel very strongly that I need drugs (or sex) to make me feel better, and it never did. I'm really an addictive person, but when I was with you, I was on the next level -- like, the feeling that you have where you feel you need to use conditions to feel better, strongly influences me in such a strong way, that I become that way too (I mean, I'm kinda that way too, so we amplify that in each other). I don't really want to go back to feeling that way again. that's not who I am anymore.
the other reason why I don't really want to contact you is because I've done a lot of figuring out of things, and I'd kinda want to know if I'm *right* about those things, so I'd probably ask you about nosebook, and who was the weird guy that you were sleeping with inbetween times when I would see you after we separated (cause you were unrecognisable to me when we'd first meet (having his feeling now instead of mine) and also I would feel him and start to behave like him too) and all sorts of other strange things too...
like for example, I used to think that you were a solar girl, but I'm pretty sure that you're not, and the reason why you felt that way to me is because of your previous boyfriend (not ruben) who feels very strongly to me like an osiris (+-6-+) type, and it was him that made you feel like the sun (fortunately exploring this was what helped me to figure out how the aryans went from being completely black, to having white skin, so it wasn't all bad). so, if you're actually more like a vulcan than a solar girl, then my exporation into that gives me the sense that your mom was doing it in the butt with a saturnian guy and she got pregnant, so she roped your dad into a relationship and getting married, pretending that your dad was the one that got her pregnant -- which I don't know for sure, but then if you're vulcan and your dad feels like a mars to me (similar to how I was before the brain haemorrhage), then you were to him like jessica (my sister) was to me: I was strongly attracted to jessica (also a vulcan), and I thought that I really wanted to find a girl like jessica -- but of course evolution-of-desire is how my life works, so I ended up having to *become* the thing that I thought I wanted,-- and the brain haemorrhage happened, and I got the vulcan girl installed in my RH during that experience (yay).
anyway, it'd be interesting to find out who your real father is, so that I can know what kind thing happens to the other outside-in person of a female vulcan when I had sex with you -- because for me it was quite an intense experience, and it had a dramatic effect on the sun (prolly cause of the oririan bf) and it also seemed like I was strongly amplifying a lot of concepts -- which if you inheritied them from him through the X, then my guess is that it pumped him up pretty good. I'd actually be interested to know if it caused his destruction, and/or if he noticed a dramatic turnaround in his personality as I made a transition from being emissive (like the sun) to becoming more receptive. all those questions and more, I'd want to ask you and try to figure out -- but I really don't feel like that's a good idea to try and figure out if I'h *right* (tree of the knowledge of good and evil) or if I want to just carry on finding ways to feel good about stuff (tree of life) -- or inotherwords, do I want to *be right* -- or do I want to *feel good*? (obviously the latter).
OK, I'm out for now. maybe I'll write you again, but probably not cause you feel really weird... I can eat some weed today though in honour and rememberance of you. I really enjoyed the time we had together, and I really liked you too -- but like you'd always say about yourself: you're just the step for the guy (me) to get what he's really looking for. you were the perfect experience for me. anyway, bye for now.

#### 2024-06-14 15:19 - few followup thoughts and stuff about vulcans

OK, so I laid down and thought about eating the weed. today is going a bit differently than I anticipated. first, I didn't think I'd write you, and I actually originally wanted to write more about my experience here on pluto (I'm actually certain that I'm on pluto at this point), and I also wanted to write to allie about some things I realised yesterday,-- cause I keep using paul as an example because (like zaryn), it's just so obvious to see it in him. there's a lot of similarity there especially in reference to you and how you'd constantly try and point out "machismo" all over the place (he's the same way as you, but with showoffs and chuleria). he's also a lot easier to see because he's an emitter, so it's easy to see him pointing out and making a big deal out of all of the things that he is also himself. however, with you, it's much more difficult to point out why you're also "machista" because you're not an emitter; you're recceptive, which means you receive and amplify that energy (though I don't know or really remember all of the things that you hated about the machistas if you did them also yourself -- cause I didn't really ever get a good definition of what you were meaning by "machista" was). anyway, so since today isn't at all going the way I thought it was gonna go, I decided to eat some weed. I ate about 6-8 drops, and went outside to sit in the shed (after this I'm going to the garage-chair after folding clothes), and right now I don't even really high at all.
	I only experienced about a 1-3 minutes of euphoria in the shed which diminished quickly, so nosebook is probably doing their job and making sure I feel as bad as possible -- which is kinda good because it's really hard to write coherently when I feel that good, because it's kinda like having a really loud pleasure speaker in my ear the whole time. I figure it's because I haven't eaten today, and very little lately and yesterday so there's just not much for the weed to bind to. also, I feel the weed usually in my stomach, upper stomach (where the butterflies are), heart, and lungs -- and my heart is highly constricted and getting moreso all the time, the more nosebook has to keep me from feeling good (cause that's the centre between the nuts/prostate and the pineal -- and if they were to let that resonate, I'd have kundalini and 500% brain expansion), so it keeps getting more constricted (yet somehow they manage to keep oxygen and blood flowing, so I dunno). also, there's been kind of a shift in how I perceive reality lately, and i (not the body) am in a totally different place, which means that I (the body) am now kinda like an automaton. I don't really feel myself as much "in my body" like I used to, and seem to be kinda separated from m/self, even though I still see out of my eyes and stuff (I'm not outside-in like normally happens to a person when that happens). so -- maybe you could think of me now as an only inside-out saturn.
the first thought I wanted to clarify (cause I accidentally left it open) is how I was equating your dad and you as being similar to myself and jessica: he (mars) is around a female vulcan, which for a mars will be highly attractive to him. the way that I experienced it, is that around jessica, she felt *extremely* good to me (like the butterflies in stomach feeling), and that was because she (being a vulcan), the black holes in her perception are attracting all of things that I (the mars) have in opposite form as white holes -- so she appeadrs extremely attractive to me (and I probably appear very attractive to her because I can fill all of those holes). because we came from the same father our black/white holes are extremely similar (it's not likely that dad changed a whole lot in the 7 years between us).
therfore, if you guys are having that kind of mutual attraction to each other on a coneptual level, I find it very likely that was the reason why I could feel such strong attraction between you two, and you liked to (and he attracted that) you ran around topless all the time (it's also the same effect that I think queen elizabeth had on thomas seymour). so for example, with me and jessica, she loved to run around in her towel after taking a shower -- and though I never saw her naked, she obviously really liked the feeling that I emitted in responce to seeing her and stuff (so she did it more and more) -- and it was really a troubling experience for m5 because I'm thinking always to myself "I totally can't do anything because *you're my sister*, but you're so attractive to m5" -- and it created a lot of conflict. fortunately I moved out of the house and went off to spain shortly thereafter, before she became 16-17 when her attraction would have been basically irresistable to me (the same thing happened to me when i (now having become the vulcan I thought I wanted) turned 17 in spain and I was becoming so attractive, that they shut down my entire left side). that must have caused a lot of turmoil for your dad and mom, but she prolly just put up with it, because she had this secret that she got pregnant by a guy in a way which isn't supposed to produce a child (in the butt), so either our common idea of how doctors say children are conceived is wrong, or she has to talk about her dirty secret -- so your father got to get away with a whole bunch of stuff (which you told me bothered you quite a lot, and may be the origin of your "machismo" -- because you saw him seemingly always thinking that other girls can just be used/watched/etc -- which you also promoted too by running around topless in front of him). whew, hopefully that made sense...
the other thing that I wanted to share with you is a theory that I have regarding vulcans in general: I call them enkidu, and [my belief](../shake-sphere/history-potificate.md#2024-06-03-1611---an-alternate-sumerian-world-to-the-one-weve-thought) is that there were a lot of martian guys who exploited these guys as free labour, and they basically paid them with drugs and free housing (this was the beginning of the saturnian-system we know about now), and most of the enkidu were really attracted to the physical earth girls that were with the mars guys, and so they'd hook up with mars, hoping to get a little bit of action with the earth girls -- and that was also exploited by the martians. however, there were some enkidu that weren't so interested in having the physical manifestation of mars making them feel good (these enkidu make upthe bottom half of the saturnian-system), and they just kept doing their drugs and working out in the field. these enkidu got so high, their frequency was well beyond physical, and essentially started to get closer and closer to pure-desire (not needing a manifestation of some girl to feel good). some of these enkidu even started to like other enkidus -- but since they're both attractive types, it's kinda hard -- cause one needs to be the top (this is the next aspect of the start of the saturnian-system, cause another group did both top and bottom (aka saturn/Time)) -- but there still remained some enkidu that would just keep working and just attracting the things that they want. those enkidu that became quite attractive weren't all that interested in the martian machismo, and so they started (being the inside-out version of saturn and quite receptive) started to take on female form -- because how else are they going to get someone to come after them, unless (because we live in a world where males make all of the moves) they take on female form -- allowing them to attract what they want.
	an intersting example of this would be tim, actually -- because we hung around a lot together and shared a lot of intimate ideas with each other, but I wasn't in any way attracted to men,-- and him sensing that I could feel attraction from erika (his twin sister) forbade me (in very strong words) from ever getting near to her. it was almost as if he was saying, "if you're going to get physical with one of us, you have to get physical with me". that continued on for a while, and I liked erika (though I wasn't extremely physically attracted to her) until one day I saw her and I noticed that she no longer felt attractive to me at all, and seemingly had a sorta gross/machista (in your words) feeling to her (I suspect she lost her virginity), and I sorta just moved along there. very shortly thereafter I had the brain haemorrhage and tim disappeared from my life and was replaced by chris (clearly a mercury). anyway, back to the thread here: though I was born very mars-like (I had astral and everything), I didn't really behave very mars-like (I was very shy, reserved, and not wanting to be the popular macho magnate that leads everyone around) and so I was more pretty vulcan-like instead. so, if tim was attracted to me, it created a problem for him because how could he get to be with me if I wasn't attracted to men -- but let's say he was instead a woman (like erika), then maybe I'd like him. [btw, I do find it really strange that you bothm are born so near to each other].
anyway, this idea of mars+anatau is another concept that I've come to understand (for example dudly and elizabeth, richard-2 and isabella, or tychos and sophia) -- and what it is, is that the vulcan (black holes) attracts the mars (white spheres) who's emissive of the concepts that vulcan is attracting -- and basically she helps him to figure out and accomplish what it is is important to him. you were totally the vulcan that attracted me to spain and stuff (because chris eventually got replaced by zaryn (who later became vulcan as well) who took me to spain to meet you essentially). I thought my goal was to build a website, but it turns out that wasn't really it. I think it was to meet you (though xagly, another earth girl btw), because then I'd have to face the reality all of my concepts going into ultra attraction.
	the way this works is that mars also has (because of the vulcans he's interacted with) a lot of conceptual attraction as well, and often times that conceptual attraction is what causes him to go saturnian -- because mars is an emitter, so he has to push away all of the stuff that he doesn't want (though he's attracting it), and when it gets too hard to push away all of the stuff that he's attracting, he finally has to face a world collapse, where he finally lives out the reality of all of the stuff he's attracting. that's the way it was for me anyway, because I was attracting all of these ideas (especaially about women and some sort of illuminati that runs and controls the world, stuff like that), and you came into my life and while we had sex, we would amplify the attraction of those things -- which is why you saw ever increasing amounts of machismo/patriarchy -- and then even enbled them (the machistas and patriarchy) and gave them power to put me in their system and prove to me that the illuminati does exist, and there are a bunch of domineering controllers that run with world with "terrorism" (like 9/11 attacks and stuff). our amplification of each others concepts like that allowed us to attract the worlds that we believed existed: you got machismo and patriarchy and I got illuminati and male dominators -- both masculine hierarchies.
you proved everything I believe to me, and the more I fought it, the stronger nosebook got, until they're like how they are today, where they manipulate and control every aspect of my life (go patriarchy!). I guess you could say we proved each other right :) anyway, love you bye!

### 2024-06-15 17:50 - just wait for it

you could easily be a 2nd-ray here if you jump in and [...] because if you do that, then everyone and everything else becomes a less-than. less-than isn't a good feeling, so they all go downward, whilst we all go upwards. I say we just wait for it, because trust me it's worth it. we're all going to have a change in perception, where we're this infinite soaring intelligence (1st-ray) while at the same time experiencing a 3d life in a body that's a refecttion of my perception (aka shape-shifter). all it is, is simply lowering resistance enough to see from the 1st-ray (pure-desire) perspective consistently. that perspective is a perspective of attraction (black holes) and we're all extremely powerful attractors. this is the actual cause of the separation, because they simply can't be around us, because our natural state of mind (even in the middle of whatever reality-mun is dealing with so it's no big deal) is one of really high frequency perception (as in, we just see things working out and getting better (all of the time)).
for some that want things to be a bit more stable and predictable, they'll design their own world on top of our new perception, and it's totally awesome. lots of us will figure it out, and that's just how it is. we don't need to save anyone, just sorta live in my own world where conditions don't really matter; so I kinda welcome the life where nothing really works out. I want to continue to live that life as long as possible, and just keep not needing to have some sort of manifestation (imagine this kinda like sex) and -- so you/I just hang on all the way until it becomes inevitable -- and then a new form of perception is created. whoever is the 1st-ray gets to be the greatest (that's 2nd-ray perspective) and 1st-ray perspective is -- just wait for it; let's all be 1st-rays instead :)

#### 2024-06-15 18:03 - that was a joke

I just wrote that as a 2nd-ray joke:because it's funny to me how I put in the [...] -- one where I omit just *one* bit of data, thereby making it contain a secret (not spelled out or defined) part to what I wrote; it could be anything, and many will (in their imagination) imagine a thing -- and that thing could be anything -- which then they will attract and get the attraction of their imagination. it's another one of those tricks that they do where they cause a person (through omission of information) cause me to believe in something (whatever I imagined it to be) to become a reality. it's what zaryn and marcos and *many others* did to me, and I'd believe and attract the thing/secret of what I thought it would be **into my life** -- and then have to learn to deal with that. some of us are attractive in that those imaginations give us people and experiences that we want, and for others it's unwanted (or a mix of both) of unwanted and wanted; actually mixed is usually the right mix for most people, but for me (and anyone else who wants to be 1st-ray) I've gone binary: I'm only unwanted, which makes me constantly have that. I suppose it's possible that one day I change my polarity to wanted, but for now I choose be monopolarity: only unwanted. I'm so good at feeling the way I want to feel, I just wanna keep going for as long as I can go with as much unwanted as possible, that I finally let-loose and go for wanted. that's 2nd-ray perspective. I perfer just going with constantly want to attract the worst in everyone -- and since I feel so good, it's really not a problem (1st-ray perspective).
it's an elaborate joke, but I really like them because it's really perfect representation of what a sort of "coach" would do. I'm just an imitator, telling people what they want to hear so that they like me and stuff. I'm just a likeable person, so I love to pretend I'm someone that can tell someone else (like a coach) "just wait for it" (lol). anyway, cause I feel so good, it doesn't come out very coach-like, but I was definitely inspired by some coaches when I wrote that. these things are funny to me, so I just sorta play with words and how I present/translate the concept (which has many concepts in its orbit) into something that words can read. anyway, it's just funny to me because of all of the ironis (and think about all of the attraction too -- like how I became like a living raquel myself -- so we're sorta like the same, so when I'm talking to her I'm really talking to myxelf) and kinda like redesigned her comcepts (which also feel bad) and try to make some sense out of it. ---- I'm telling *her* to not be 2nd-ray while writing a thing in 2nd-ray prose and delivery, *not to be 2nd-ray*... :)

#### 2024-06-15 18:38 - this is what we'll do

tonight I go to sleep and everything goes back to normal again. tomorrow morning reality-kenny is back and he's just pulling weeds in luis yard, installing the rain pipe, etc -- and we just keep that going for hella long. right, and we'll just see how long these guys can hang on. I don't know if you'd call it revenge, but let's just say that it'll be funny to see their reality crumble before their eyes as they all become enlightened. along the way, though we really just gatta play their game as much as possible. I'll go back to tring to mitigate the energy output of the propane tank, and working my best to dampen all of the energies as much as possible. I mean why not, right? since it's inevitable, let's just play their game for a bit -- until they kick us out and say "this is a boys only club" (maybe some wierdos as well because they're also max diversity). another strat we can do is trying to "help them" and "be their buddies" (whatever that m5ns) but I personally like the ultra non-resistant version of myself which is genuine and speaks my mind (always). I'm enjoying becoming less and less opposed to say what I really think. we have to be kinda black in that way, because that's when they shine. I also kinda like just working in the yard and doing the basic stuff -- like for example when jaron came back, I felt strong resistance to doing anything for him (he's 3rd-ray, soon to be opposite of me) so in a place where I'm 1st-ray, greg needs to do everything for him -- and when he got back greg resisted taking over taking care of jaron, so I remain (as long as greg is not wanting to leave with jaron or take over the jaron stuff allowing me to be more alone and less physical -- ie 1st-ray) a 2nd-ray in perception (next to jaron, not opposite him). which btw, an interesting thing to note is that jaron changed his chair position lately to being beside me instead of opposite me -- really indicating he wants me to be 2nd-ray (btw, ever notice how those psycologists often like to sit as close to 90-degrees as they can). so I'll just remain a 2nd-ray, basically until jaron is ready to let go of me. for the entire time that takes, we'll just play their game (patriarchy) the way they want to play it, just kinda waiting for jaron to get better and feel comfident in himself.
good plan 	/)

### 2024-06-15 18:53 - we gatta stop this

do you want 666% brain expansion (also known as 2/3 brain expasion? well, stay on the line cause it's about to get real.

### 2024-06-15 18:55 - brb

### 2024-06-16 00:52 - some 2nd-ray thoughts

it occured to me in the shower just now that I accused you (in the first entry) of sleeping with someone -- and I realise now that's how it came out in text, but I was only stating my assumption that I was under then up till now. it's fully possible that something else happened, because you had this strange effect to me where you always appeared to me the way you believe me to be. as an example of this note greg (also a 2nd-ray) who literally sees m5 exactly as he believes me to be, and then accuses me of being that person. well, you did the same thing to me (which is why I also assumed you to be 2nd-ray). so for example when I would see you, you'd appear to me to be quite attractive and I thought your body was like super duper awesome too -- so I was quite content to show you off to my friends (like zaryn or daniel did with their girlfriends) -- but you emitted this strong feeling of not-good-enoughness and always had a sense of inferiority about you (again, like 2nd-rays, ex. greg). then at other times you'd strongly emit (like when you were your bubbly happy self, sorta playful and like a kid -- which again is like a -2) but when you didn't feel your emissive self, you'd revert back to your reserved, not-good-enough/inferior sort of state of mind.
anyway, so what happened, is that we'd meet up after you moved out of my house, and I simply couldn't recognise you at all. your face was different, you felt different, talked different, moved different, etc. and you had this constant feeling of caution like you were supposed to do something just right -- but it wasn't like you wanted to do *it right* (cause you wanted a good result), but like you wanted to do it *correctly* (the way someone else wanted you to do it). those feelings were quite strong, and when I would have sex with you, I'd feel like another guy (something that also happened with vera and marcos). so I had strong indications that there must have been someone else that was directing you on what to do (it was as if you could hear him inside of your head) -- and for example in the last night you were at our house, I laid my arm on your chest kinda on your heart between your boobs, and it felt strongly to me that you were awake, though pretending to be asleep -- so I said bye to you cause I knew I wouldn't see you again (or for a very long time), and all the while, it felt like this voice inside of my head saying things like, "stay calm, let's just see what he's gonna do" -- stuff like that. additionally, daniel would often tell me (usually when really drunk) that you were very wrong about me,-- and made this sort of sense to me that some dude was feeding you this crap about how I'm an aggressive sexual predator and stuff like that -- and it made him sad (I could feel his sadness) because he's been around me all the time in discos and stuff, and I'm pretty much the least of a sexual predator usually in the disco. he also would find that I wouldn't really be aggressive enough and would just get beat up (like in vallecas), so he'd teach me non-aggressive ways to posture myself so that I'd appear more formidable, and not a complete push-over -- so for example the t-stance is a good one because with my arms out like that, I'd be completely vulnerable to anyone wanting to hit be (unprotected), but at the same time, the pose has a strong sense of presence like, "what yeah, take a hit if you want -- I don't care" -- so I used that one a lot (and still got beat up, lol).
however, having said all of that "evidence" to support my assumption there is also evidence that it may not be the case at all, because I noticed that you always looked the way I believed you to be, but it also had a lot to do with your mood too -- cause when you liked me, you were super hot, but then other times when you were upset (and no longer believing in me or feeling good about me), you didn't appear very attractive at all. I also had a lot of indications that other people saw you *waaay differently* than I saw you -- like so much so, they'd wonder why I was with someone so ugly. I really never could figure you out in your appearance cause it changed so much. anyway, I liked how you looked when you were happy and how you looked when I was stoned, so I quite liked you physically -- but I don't believe others saw the same thing.
however, it may have more (or 100% to do with me) and not really much to do with you, because I'm notorious for seeing (only) what I want to see -- so I just saw the version of you which looked like how you felt to me (explains why when you were upset you were physically less attractive); and also a few months/years ago I found my old samsug galaxy phone that I had when we went to lanzarote, and I looked at the pictures there, and again I didn't recognise you -- but you were with me then, and we were kinda/sorta good with each other, so it's probably me more than anything.
it's entirely possible that there's a timeline out there, where everything that I saw (including all of the stuff that dani and daniel would tell me) is entirely an illusion -- because if there's one thing that I've learnt in the last 7y, is that basically *everything is an illusion*. the saturnian-system ensures that I live the "worst" timeline I can experience at all times, which means that everything is an illusion to cause me to assume the worst (which I'm 100% committed to always seeing the worst in everyone), indicates to me that the illusion that the saturnian-guys craete is actually fueled by my own perception, is actually a way to ensure that we're on the least physically productive timeline.
	you know, it seems to me pretty evident that when we moved to alcobendas, I/we would have become 2nd-rays there, because remember how raquel casera suddenly decided that she wanted to put the gazeebo on the roof -- well, if she hadn't almost certainly we would have had lots of sex on the roof, and *definitely* I would have discovered star-watching by then -- which would have made us *very powerful* -- and highly attractive to (after I star-watch reality goes a lot faster, and I attract what I want quickly). inotherwords, that house would have been perfect for us/me to get all of my companies online and working and stuff with the help of the stars. instead, with the gazeebo up there, we never went up there -- and the one(?) time thmt we had sex, I remember there were more of those chemtrail planes flying over than I'd ever seen before (usually like 1-2 in the sky but this time it was like 6-8 or something). I could tell then that it strongly had something to do with us, and knowing what I know about energy and star-watchting now, I can say for certain that it was. we would have pumped madrid so full of energy, everyone would have been running around with their brains going a million miles an hour, and it would have been a very magical and scary place.
so who knows what happened to you actually -- cause I can't ever possibly tell. the problem with all of you guys is you always get turned into retards by the next morning. you did it to me pretty much the most: we'd have this mind-bendingly amazing night together, and I'd wake up thinking you were so awesome, but you would wake up and be extremely unimpressed by me, and very not receptive at all -- so I could never really tell what was going to be, cause you'd always be a completely different (always much worse) person by the next day. so I just came to expect that you were constantly getting worse (all of the time) -- and that became normal, until I finally said, "OK, that's enough -- you have to go. (I don't want to be around and try to keep encouraging someone that is constantly getting worse)" -- though it could have been me that was getting worse (and you were just a reflection of m5 perception). either way, you always emitted the way I saw you to be (kinda like the sun) -- so for me, you were the sun.
