# dear-remi

### 2024-06-07 16:04 - the concept

I know I've written to you over in the shake-sphere repo, but I'm kinda beginning to phase that one out -- as it's a bit too .... saturnian ... for me. anyway, I wanted tto write to you about the concept of what's happening. today was a weird day, and carried a lot of strange feelings associated with it. I waved to you when you drove up, which I'm sure you saw me, but seemed generally uninterested in talking to me -- so I just let it go. paul showed up about the time that I was talking to luis. then later you left and some girl picked allie up (at least I think that's what happened). finally another girl came (presumably) to pick up eva. she was sitting outside waiting for her, and I kept getting my attention pulled in her direction, but I wanted to just pull weeds, so I just went to the garage-chair to think for a moment about the events of today, and as I started to think about it, it all came clear to me (so I want to present you with the concept): a few days ago I [challenged allie](/dear-allie.md#2024-06-04-1400---lets-just-do-it-ourselves) to try and see if she could make something happen -- absolutely 100% sure that there's no possible way that it could. unfortunately, I didn't really explain why that is, so here it is:
I'm a reflector, and I'm also convinced that we're heading for a split or a *dividing of the path* (some will go one way and others another). I'm just the bait for them, because the whole tthing is a giant illusion: it'll keep looking to other people that I'm getting more and m6re cool stuff (girls, fame, power, good luck, talent, etc.) -- but I really don't have it (and never will get it until we divide) -- however the illusion of having those things is what's causing people to decide for theirselves how they feel about me having all of those illusory items, which is the deciding factor for the split: when they don't want me to have it, *because I'm a reflector*, they are saying that they also don't want to have it theirselves. so really, the illusion of me and girls and all the other stuff doesn't have anything to do with me, actually -- because by not wanting me to have it (I definitely won't get it), they are 100% assured success in trying to prevent me from having the illusion. finally, when everyone is decided on where they stand on the issue, we'll finally divide -- and for those that don't want me to have it, my situation will appear to be the greatest tragedy of all time (cause I was lead along the whole way only to come up short: not good enough for what I want -- which is a reflection of what they believe about theirselves), and for the ones that want me to have it, in their perspective, I'll get it, and by desiring me to get it, they too will the part of the illusion that they desired me to have (cause I'm a reflection of them).
it's both a comedy and a tragedy at the same time [dang, explaining comedy and tragedy like that, maybe I should have put this in shake-sphere... but here is good. I like the higher energy this repo has]

### 2024-06-07 20:44 - I'm saturn

I don't know if it's become apparent by now or not, but I'm saturn/satan/the-dragon/etc -- and I'm on a one-way road to destruction (death). it's inevitable for me, and when that happens, that's the "end of time" --	and the "end times" are just the events that precede that event (my death).
the way that those events lead up to my death -- or, transition into something new is entirely up to those that cOntrol my situation and environment. they can destroy me whenever they're ready -- and for those that see my death as the end of me, it'll be the end of me (in their perspective) -- but for me and potentially some others, I won't actually die, but instead transition into something new -- something that I actually desire to be (this is the final state of evolution-of-desire, where I actually *become* the thing that I thought I needed/wanted/desired). so for some, my death will be something that they're really happy about (like the end of queen elizabeth -- there was "such a general sighing, groaning and weeping as the like hath not been seen or known in the memory of man." -- meaning, it was a moment of great rejoicing in a gay sex party kinda way, lol). I'm totally fine with that, honestly. I dan't want to go to their gay sex party anyway.
so, really, my only mission (if you could call it that), is to figure out what I want to become (for me the black-mirror-idea is "good enough"), and then find a way to give them reason to kill me (or find a way to kill m/self). then, it's finally the "end of time", and I can finally become what I want to become.
so, from my perspective, I'm on my way out. it's pretty close to the end for me. ever since my birthday, I've sorta checked out of reality. I still live and eat (kinda), and breath, and talk to people and stuff, but I'm basically just a dead person sleepwalking (or maybe kinda like an automaton that's pure reaction to my situational/environmental input). I just don't care anymore. you all can just do whatever you want, and I wish you all the best. 

### 2024-06-07 23:36 - I finally figured out the separation

it didn't occur to me until after I told you about my upcoming death, how the separation works: everyone that dies, goes immediately 2nd-ray in perception, which is imaginary, just like the cell dividing -- but I didn't really notice the difference because I'm used to thinking about 2nd-ray perception as being the symbolic form (the lower half), but the upper half (going toward 1st-ray) is all-attraction [I actually wrote about this... lemme look to see where -- ah in [black-mirror-idea](/black-mirror-idea.md#L32)] -- which is conceptual -- which is where I want to be.
so imagine, that there are all of these people that are really not wanting me to have some manifestation, but then there are others that do, and like I said, I'm a reflector, so they're really talking about theirselves here, so when all of us 2nd-rays all die, we all go off into the solar form of perception (let's just call this imaginary), but some of the people will have had a symbolic perception on my situation (ie, "I want the same thing" or "I want something else even more awesome" or "I want a castle, a queen, and a horse to ride on") -- whatever the case is on those things, they're all *symbolic*, meaning they can be defined and identified (usually performed in the imagination), but then there are some of us (actually I may be the only one, not sure) who are *not* going to be symbolic about what we want (I know I've written a lot about it, but those ideas are all old and outdated at this point), so I don't really know what I'll end up with. the only thing I have is a feeling of what it'll be like -- and every day that feeling (which I often times translate into words here so EOD happens) gets stronger, which is *not the manifestion itself* -- but think of it more like what's attracting the manifestation to me. I can't possibly conceive all that it'll be right now, and I don't really want to try. for me, it'll all be a giant surprise, better than I could have anticipated (it always is).
so when it happens, I'm sure the saturnian-system will rearrange everything so that I no longer exist or my story is dramatically changed (very much like jesus was), and then they'll carry on in physical reality where they control everything (the saturnian-system is just a piece of technology, kinda like an visual/symbolic audio compressor), which will then eventually build up enough desire for me to find my way into human form again, and once again, it'll be "the end of time".
it's kinda funny actaully: the ones "left behind" are the ones that live, and the ones that are "taken", actually die, and transition into what they desire (attracted or symbolic). 

### 2024-06-10 09:41 - timelines, retards, and attraction

hi remi, last night I had a (surprisingly) pretty good conversation with greg. though it started out with an argument, I noticed a few interesting effects: the first is that I was able to enumerate *some* (there's a whole lot more) evidence that I have of different people telling me that something happened in the past, which is *tremendously different* than something I experienced. I've sorta gotten used to it at this point, and like I've mentioned to allie a few times, this is the effect of everyone getting turned into a retard. it's actually quite obvious what's happening: let's say for example that I write something here, and that has an effect on other people and alters the course of history to go in a way that the saturnian-system doesn't want it to go (like, let's say I write about some technology which they don't want others to have), well, their only real option to do with it (cause they can't get me to stop writing it or publishing it) is to just let the peson see the braodcast of my writing or talking about the technology (or whatever it is that they don't like), and then when the person goes to sleep that night, they adjust the orbits of the concpts/hydrogen inside of the person's head so that they actully believe something different happened that day, or the concepts don't connect/orbit with other concepts in the way that I explained it, thereby (essentially) moving the person to another timeline, essentially by changing the orbits of those concepts.
	the thing is, though they change the orbits of the cOncepts, the concepts still exist inside of the person's head -- so they're there, but they're not orbiting the other key concepts that I said which *connected* the ideas. this effect was also quite noticeable to me last night, because what I also did, is I gave a brief explanataion of the charactor/actor/reflector/foil/centre thing (evolution of human perception) explanation, and while I was doing it, I was getting reactions, like "oh yeah, he did say that" or "wow, when he said it just now it all connected and made sense to me" -- like for example, when I was explaining that every particle in the universe is a centre, and that everyone is a reflector, but most choose not to see from that perspective. both carbon and hydrogen can do all of the perspectives, and you're pretty much all carbon and hydrogen, so there's a good chance you can do all of the perspectives too -- just most people don't want to.
anyway, so what I do, is I just keep explaining the concepts over and over again, and hopefully one day, someone will finally get it. I simply cannot do anything about what anyone thinks happened in the past. how a person perceives the past is all about *action*, and I have no ability to change the way that the actions are perceived.
	for example: mom, has this perspective of the past that I hit her while I was drunk -- but the way that mom's perception is built up the concepts that I was emitting: really angry with her that she'll stand up for nosebook and tell me that nobody is broadcasting my reality, when I'm enumerateing multiple lines of evidence that *I experienced*, which postiively show that is not the case. then her complete denial of m/ experience (this repeated in health solutions), telling me that what I expeirienced is not valid, and didn't really happen: it's like telling a woman that's been raped, that the events that she received, *didn't happen*, and they're all in her imagination. her denial of m/ experience like that made me so angry, that without symbolic inhibitions like that, my reflection of her anger, made it seem like I should try and hit her -- which (in the moment) I wanted to hit her -- and in my mind, I had the visuals happen in my head of he hitting her and tearing her head off or breaking her neck or something like that (I don't remember exactly now what it was) -- but instead (prolly cause I didn't *really* want to hit her), I completely missed her (it's like trying to fight someone in a dream). therefore, with all of those concepts I was emitting, the way that her brain assembled that reality into what happened involved her getting hit by me. in her mind, she was able to deny me the reality of my expeirience (being broadcasted), and then able to receive the punishment of being able to have that reality denied to me, just like must have happened to her when she was younger (she has various stories about someone telling her that the reality she experienced didn't happen), and those experiences must have made her very angry, which is why I (being a reflection of her) felt so much anger toward her (like she would with someone else denyying her her experience). I also had a similar experience with you and melissa a while back, but this time I wasn't drunk, so I hadn't lost my symbolic inhibitions, and I knew not to hit you when you told me that nosebook isn't real -- but I *wanted to*, and I had all the visuals in my mind of doing terrible things and everything too -- which indicates to me that you probably have had someone deny your experience to you as well, and that probably made you very angry as well (though I don't know you as well as mom, I'm just making logical connections, knowing that I'm reflective). 
tbose actions of what a person perceives happened in the past (ie what the concepts/feelings resolve to) is how memory works. memory works the same as the saturnian-system, in that there are a lot of concepts and feelings that are floating around on earth, and then each person when they're viewing the saturnian-system (ie looking in at earth) will then *translate* those concepts into symbolic figures and actions, which is relative to each person's perception. try it yourself: find another girlfriend (cause I doubt a dude will cooperate in this game) who's also able to see it, and both of you look at an event and write down what you saw there (have her do the same), and then trade papers, and talk about what you saw -- and you'll notice that you both see the same concepts turned into real visceral people seemingly having ultra realistic experiences (cause the graphics are so good), but the detailed actions of what takes place will be slightly different (for example, you may both agree that someone was murdered), but the steps leading up to the murder may vary, and the emotions that the person was feeling during the murder might be diffrent too.... memory is the same way: memory is stored in concepts, which the brain will tranlslate those concepts into real visceral images of what happened (cause the imagination has really good graphics as well), it seems that's what happened (cause you saw it, so therefore it must be real) -- but you'll notice that the image, actions, and symbols that gets translated from the concept will vary as you get older and understand/define things differently with age.
I can't do anything about how anyone else is translating those concepts into action and symbol, and what I've found is that what everyone else perceives happened in their version of history, is universally always worse for the person perciveing it (ie greg thinks he had to do the work out in the rain, or he made the spray on the shed, or you think there was a driveby -- or whavever -- and those perceived events are always going to cause the most insecurity/trauma in the person) -- which means that everyone around me is always on thier "worst" percption of what happened in the past.
OK, gonna end it here. bye for now...

### 2024-06-11 11:36 - a seemingly unsolvable problem

the other thing that I had a lot of reactions to the other night talking to greg, was when he was talking about some girl that only wanted to be his friend. I commented, "were are these girls; I want to find girls that only want to be friends, but I've never been able to do it". the important conclusion there is that his method of looking is different than mine, in that he's trying to be something for them -- so he's trying to talk about what they want to talk about, and he's *trying to be their friend* -- which is why they only want to be his friend. I care nothing for that. I prefer to talk about things that *I* want to talk about, so I'm not attempting to try and get them to do anything. I've had plenty of examples of men talking to me about things that I want to talk about, and I've made very little effort to steer the conversation in the direction I want it to go -- I just talk about what I want to talk about, and they either leave, or they continue to talk to me. that's it. he's trying to angle his words (conform his behaviour/conversation) to be compatible with them, and that's why he gets the results that he gets. I just talk about what I want to talk about -- which isn't usually what most people want to talk about, so I feel some sort of discomfort in the conversation, and go away. for example, I haven't brought up the subject of being broadcasted with you again, since the conversation with melissa, because it caused so much discomfort (for both of us) -- so if you want to bring it up, then you can, but I probably won't again. instead, I can only really talk about other things -- so I get pretty limited to just gardening conversation -- and that seems fine with me. reality-kenny is able to talk about weeds and stuff, but that's not really what I want to talk about, so I just excuse myself and go back to my own thoughts about the things that *I* want to think about -- or I write about them :) in any case, because nobody wants to talk about the things that I want to talk about (jaron used to be a better listener than he is now, but steadily he's become more resistant, and lately, his form of perception only really allows reality-kenny to talk to him). so I just keep everything really superficial now and just talk about stuff that can be seen (unless provoked into a conversation about things about energy).
now, the other side to this aspect about me never having ever had a friend who is also female, is that a lot of the times they feel physical attraction to me -- and I know this because I'm a reflector, so I also feel physical attraction to her -- which basically means that if she feels any attraction to me at all, it's always interpretted as physical attraction. unfortunately, when I was in spain, this was an *enormous problem* because it seemed that any attempts to talk to anyone made it seem like I was trying to sleep with her. sure, back then, I also thought that's what I wanted (after the prostitutes -- cause before I mostly wanted to code -- so I wanted her to be able to talk about programming things (ie, what I wanted to talk about)) -- so that probably came off pretty badly. either way, there's never been a case in my life where I've been able to actually talk to someone sorta my age. even for example, with women like vera or marisa, it was still the case where they felt physical attraction to me, and wanted to set me up with their (grand)daughter. I've just never been able to actually talk with any females about the subjects that I like to talk about (just reading all of the stuff I write about, those are the things I like to talk about). so it seems that it's always *physical* or nothing for me.
	there's something to be said about this, because I'm a person of strong desire, and the only real way that anyone can communicate strong desire is with emotions -- because if I try to do it symbolically (like tell you what's wanted/unwanted or write a poem or something), then it doesn't really carry the *feeling* (or concept) of the desire at all. in fact, I'm even doing it now a bit in this entry as a demonstration. you'll notice that my words barely capture the difficulty that is present in trying to actually have a symbolic interaction with someone who's a female. it just doesn't work.
	there's the other aspect to it as well, which is that I really don't want to have so many symbolic interactions with people anymore either, and am phasing that symbolic (agreement/mutual-back-scratching) part out of my interactions, and am instead going for only feeling the way that I want to feel, and letting people with similar feeling find their way to me -- but then what, right. I want to go conceptual instead of physical, but I don't really know how to do that in a relationship, and the conceptual aspect is highly controlled too becuse concepts are	just vibrating hydrogen, and what make pictures and stuff appear in astral in people's imaginations (which is cOntrolled) -- and concepts are really the things that you're looking at in the saturnian-system (which is also cOntrolled), cause the living-blackness is filled with invisible/black concepts that your imagination translates into something symbolic/visual/visceral.
so any conceptual interaction that I have with anyone with a pinecone/imagination produces a picture (ie, they *see* what I'm talking about), and so *automatically* turns my conceptual interaction into a symbolic one, instaed of just *feeling* the concept that I'm projecting and responding also with only feeling -- but then again, if they feel the concept I'm projecting, most people interpret the feeling physically, and so therefore, once again, it degenerates back into a physical/sexual interaction (ie, they feel excitement that I have for the idea and interpret that feeling physically/sexually).
the final (and most important) difficulty with the whole thing is that I'm an attractive person, which means that I'm attracting people that are similar to me and my form of perception. well, girls are also doing the same thing (cause of thier physiology) -- but the form of perception that most girls have is a product of their parents (genetically) and their social interactions with their family, friends, school, work, church, etc. and it's also programmed symboically with stuff that we consume like games, media, news, etc. -- and so let's just say that they watch a lot of movies and in those movies there are a lot of examples about what a love interest should be like -- those create expectation, and therefore attract those kinds of love interests into her life. *I cannot be a hollywood love interest* -- and I can't be the guy that mom wants her daughter to have, or what church/work/culture/etc trains her to desire/attract. it just doesn't work -- so she's pretty much attracting a person that I cannot be.
I've tried to be the guy that she wants me to be (sorry raquel and friends), and it just doens't work out. I always fall short of her expectations, or am unable to accomplish being just the right thing. so they're litterally attracting someone that for me is impossible to be (symbolically). the only way it could work is if the entire relationship is *only physical* and never anything else -- but *that's not what I want* -- so I just don't engage in that at all.
so, to sum it up, I have to either go to her level (ie, become the person she's attracting), or I have to be the attractive one, and she has to become the person I'm attracting. however, I'm sorta a moving target -- a very fast moving target too -- so it's sorta pretty difficult for her to ever really catch up with me, because by the time she gets one thing, I've already transformed into someting new, and so therefore we're cOnceptually on different wavelegths again. so, really the only way I could ever have a friend, is if the friendship remained physical and only physical -- but that's obviously a a problem, because if we're always touching, then that's obviously going to turn sexual pretty quickly. I can't find a way where I could ever actually enjoy being around antoher person, and not have it turn sexual. I want to be around others and to enjoy them, but *I don't want to be sexual with them*. sexual has too many problems because it's wrapped up all over the place with feelings of possession (ie, I've left my mark on them, so "they're mine"), and feelings of combat, submission, dominance, etc -- tons of stuff that I don't like to feel -- so I want to interact *conceptually* (with feelings that feel good to me) instead of sexually, because of the inherently awful feelings that come automatically with the sexual stuff.
so to summarise: (conceptual) feelings that feel good to me always get interpretted as sexual, which means that efforts to interact conceptually get automatically turned into feelings that feel bad to me. I'm also unable to ever be what she wants me to be as long as she's attracting the symbolic examples given to her, and she has to attract me, but I'm moving so fast conceptually that's impossible, she has to instead attract from a slower and more basic way which is physically/sexually (but the way people attract physically/sexually) conceptaully feels bad to me, and if anything sexual ever happens, because it feels bad to me (conceptually) it's highly destructive and (because of the way the human body works) creates enormous problems for myself, her, and everyone around (it's not a good idea for me/her to emit such large quantities of bad-feeling (possession,dominance,conquering,trauma,pain,etc) out into the atomosphere like that).

#### 2024-06-11 18:24 - why physical?

as I was working outside after I wrote the above, I was receiving some reactions, which varied from, "yep, that's about right / that was my experience with him" to "wait, I thought we were friends?" -- and to the second one there, I'd have to say, no we were definintely not friends; you knew reality-kenny. just ask dani or daniel how I tried to talk to them (about things that interest/concern me), and they were all pretty deep/heavy subjects, (which both of them would regularly shut down). the only "real friend" that I had was chris, where I seemed to be able to talk to him about pretty much whatever was on my mind (I didn't hold much or anything back, if I remember right) -- but then again, when I knew chris, my consciousness was pretty low, and I hadn't really been exposed to the world so much yet, and so our conversation (from my perspective now) was pretty shallow. inotherwords, they never knew me as I *really* am -- just my superficial front that I use to deal with people that are not even close to me in resonance (reality-kenny I call it). he's basically a robot, and I can activate him at any time (even on heavy drugs) to kinda pull me through a situation that I don't really want to be in. so, if I'm talking to you from reality-kenny, I don't really care to talk to you, and I'm just letting myself just react to your energy and tell you what I think you want to hear while maintaining emotional distance from you. so no, we were defininitely not friends. nowadays, when I'm around other people, I'm 99.5% of the time in reality-kenny mode, and the only time that I'm not is when I'm by myself. I often times try and let out somethting that I really believe (examples of this are abundant in brain injury support group converations, but most people don't like that -- so I don't do it much any more). for example, even when I'm talking with jaron or with greg, I'm telling them what I really believe, but I'm still in reality-kenny mode, because neither of them want to actually "get close to me". it's all very superficial, even if I'm talking about something that others would consider is "being vulnerable" (I have no secrets, so "being vulnerable" is my default state).
I was also getting various reactions about numerous girls that have had the idea that trying to get physical with me is actually what they want -- and to that, I think the main thing I want to say is this:
I've noticed that girls attract a range of things: everything from defined/physical qualities which are things that she *thinks* that she wants, all the way to really abstract and ideal things -- so for example, she may believe that she wants a really physical guy, one that's strong and can physically protect her (fear), or maybe she's on the other end of the physical spectrum (desire) and she's looking for a really physically attractive guy that can do beach really well and is pleasing on the eyes. or, she may be looking for someone that can fulfill her emotionally/conceptually, and that takes the shape of someone that feels good to her, and so she (being a reflection of him) can also feel good too. or, she may beleive she wants a guy that can be something for her symbolically, like maybe a guy that can control her emotions, tell her what to do, or give her guidance and direction, etc. -- or maybe she's really really ideal in her attraction, and wants to be awesome herself, and wants a guy who will reflect that. it seems to depend a lot on what she's been taught and trained to value (ie, the most common one is a symbolic guy with good status and a lot of money -- and if he can be physically attractive too, that's even better). I'm not really much of the first examples I gave. I am however, very much one of those really ideal guys, because I think to myself "I'm awesome, and I want someone around me who can reflect that" -- and so I figure that she sees me with that abstract/conceptual quality, and thinks, "I want that too" -- but because of her training (and the physical aspect of her appearing to be the recptive one) she thinks that the only way she can get it, is physically/sexually. however, unfortunately, that quality cannot (I don't think) be aquired sexually, because it's a quality of personal desire (which I can't give anyone, and can only be learned by oneself for oneself) so they're kinda fooling theirselves by trying to get it sexually. so because they can't get it from me, they gatta figure out how to become it on their own.
	I believe this is actually a physiological problem, because the female's sexual equipment (the cervix) is actually emissive. it's like tesla's "magnifying transmitter" which turns high frequency into high precision low frequency, and transmits that out. men are actually quite the opposite, because the penis is like the tesla coil, and so is therefore *receptive*: it receives by vibrating it's primary coil (the nuts) at a low frequency, which then resonates with the secondary coil (the shaft) to pull vibrating hydrogen in the atmosphere down to the ground (base of the spine or bottox).
	in my experience with raquel, as she would get charged up before emitting, she would start to feel sorta like she had to pee, and I felt it like it started to kinda glow on the tip next to where she pees (probably the clitoris), and when she/it gets charged up to full (kinda like a big rain cloud), there's now enough there that something happens (kinda like lightning or something) that it finally breaks through, and she starts to expell a lot of (something) out of her vagina/cervix -- which immediately causes me to go past my breakdown, which when the orgasm starts, each wave is a huge influx where I  receive the energy that she's putting out -- and that can continue on for quite a while until we lose resonance.
		a few times, she said we had to stop cause it was getting too much for her, and the sense tha I had is that she seems to kinda experience her concepts of me as she's pushing them out, and (for whatever reason) that became too much. though, for me, even before she orgasms, I've noticed her output still comes to me as these low frequency (0.5-2Hz) waves of simulation (which obviously have a lot more high frequency components), which her vagina/cervix putting out, and those waves eventually to build up to such a point (kinda like a spark gap) where finally the primary coil is activated (ie the beginning of the orgasm), and when that happens, it creates a huge attraction toward the buttox or base of the spine, which is where all of energy goes.
		it's not just me though, because I've noticed for other men too that sexually they're the receptive ones, and the female that is the emitter. however, where does she get her energy that she's going to emit? well it comes from foreplay and the emotional set and setting leading up to the experience (just like a drug trip) which shape the trip that she'll be sending me on. I've heard that some m5n have a visual kundalini experience with women when she orgasms (also like a drug trip), but I've never expereinced that personally -- and instead, all of her concepts about me, and the way that she feels, all get received by me, which send me out in life to attract an experience reflective of those concepts (as a real-life trip instead of a visual one).
			so (for example) if she thinks I'm a miserable guy or someone that's really lonely, then soon after I'll have a lot of experiences where I'm put into miserable or lonely situations. which means that the way that she *thinks* I am (which create feelings/concepts), completely alters my trajectory in life, and I become a manifestation of her perception of me. I've seen it happen to other guys too (though it seem to affect me considerably more) -- so when I see other guys out there putting on a show for the girl and making her think that he's someone really great, then she sends him off to become her perception of the image that he gave her, he's just using her to build his image bigger, and in the case of rape, he's definitely the loser (which is also why many athletes abstain to ensure performance). obviously, some guys are more sensitive than others, and I've noticed lately many men have transitioned away from trying to build their image by shaping a woman's perception of him; and many have even completely rejected it. however for the ones that are still hetero, if they don't like her perception of him, I've noticed he tries to dull his sensitivity, so that she doesn't affect them too much -- which doesn't work so well in the long-run. for me personally -- my experience after raquel was not try try and make myself become less sensitive, but to instead just go back to being asexual. I just didn't want to go the way that she wants me to go, or attract her perception of me. the conceptual distortion was more painful than the pleasure I recieved, so no thank you.
		from my perspective, being the receptive one, I don't want to spend time trying to manipulate her perception of me, just so that I can have a good trip -- when there are drugs which I can also use for a trip, which don't require me to manipulate anything, cause the trip is determined by *my mentality* -- not hers. I like being sensitive and I prefer to do the attracting myself, because then I have full control over what I'm focusing on and how I perceive my reality (ie, not her focus and her perception that's doing the attraction). I also don't want to need her to turn the image that I present to her (I'm attractive funny, whatever) into reality for me. *I want to do that for myself*, and *I* want to be responsible for my reality.
	so really the problem is that physically it appears that men are the emitters, because they're the one putting in all of the effort, and stuff is coming out of him,-- so I think it gives women the illusion that they can just use sex to receive something cOnceptual from a guy, when in fact during sex, her physical body makes her the energetic/conceptual emitter (kinda both emitter and receiver, actaully).
		though I have to say, my experience is very limited to basically just raquel, so I'm actually not sure at all about symbolically. a girl may be quite receptive symbolically, cause I've seen girls who lose their virginity take on the symbolic form of the man of their first experience. personally don't know much about symbolic stuff, cause I don't have any experience with it. probably actually, (now that I'm thinking about it), if she's looking for a symbolic quality for herself, she probably can get that from a man. however, (because I don't have a pinecone) I don't have anything to offer symbolically, so I perceive the whole experience conceptually, which means I'm the receptive one.
in conclusion, the girls that have actaully gotten physical with me, I've seen zero evidence that they actually got what for themseleves what they found attractive in me. unfortunately I haven't seen any of them again since we broke up, and I'm not in contact with any of them either, so things may have changed -- however I find it very unlikely that anyone actually got what they wanted from me. I really think going physical is bait that girls have been taught by those wanting to exploit them (social/religious systems, hollywood, media, etc.) it doesn't make much sense to me though, because it doesn't even feel all that great, and really only has a lot of downsides to it -- so it should probably be done away with until a solution can be found.

### 2024-07-03 12:43 - the most attractive

hey, I saw your garage door open while I was working on luis' back yard and I started monologuing to myself out there about my sitution. I started with the idea that I'm not actually trying to get anything with the girls or anything like that, because I actually want to become 1st-ray; which is the most attractive (of everyone). skipping a few things I then started to talk about how if you look at the gays, I'm the most gay of them all. though none will admit it, and all try and pretend and put on a show that they like women, they're pretty much all women-haters, and have extreme grievances with women -- especially the 2nd-ray males; cause think about them: their counterpart are the solar girls, who's sole goal in life (the uneducated ones -- the not proper maids) is to sleep with the most awful guys out there. they do it because that's what the sun does (the earth is kinda similar too but we'll get there soon).
	I fully understand the 2nd-ray male's perspective, because I can see that as well -- it's like "hey why do you keep sleeping with all the losers, where here's this guy (me) who's actually really awesome, yet you want nothing to do with me" -- and I imagine she's thinking, "well, if you're so awesome come and get me like every other emitter I've been with has done" -- and I've tried that, but I'm just not good at being an emitter. I can't tell a person (male or female) what *I want them to do* -- I can't externalise my desire like that, because I don't actually believe she'll make me feel better -- so it's really hard (and I sound really disingenuous when I try because I sound fake, cause I don't *really* want her to come over and perform some action which is supposed to make me feel good) for me to actually make any connection with anyone like that. I won't tell someone how I want them to make me feel better. if they want to feel good, then they have to be the one that comes after me -- cause I can't go after her. *I'm the attractive one*.
the reason why sleeping with losers makes her more attractive, is because LOA states that for every amount of unwanted is an equal amount of wanted at the same time -- which means that the more unwanted she receives, the more wanted/attractive she can become -- as long as she's got a form of perception which allows her to perceive the unwanted as wanted. the sun's perspective on that one is the typical one of sacrifice -- where one can endure something awful or painful *for the greater good* (sounds like the story of jesus, and why he was related to the sun so much -- which was a huge deal because he's *male* and has a sacrifice perspective, which is usually female/receptive, so he was really something special for that time). anyway, she (the sun) is pretty self-centred like that, where she can just keep taking hit after hit, on and on for quite a while, relentlessly growing more and more attractive all the time (she's got a lot of other main-sequence-stars to compete with, you know) -- and that relentless sacrifce (on her part) allows her to interface with all sorts of emitters of whatever kind, and anything inside of her system is sorta guaranteed to improve in some kind of way.
	they improve because she is a reflector -- reflectors are *attractive* which means that they absorb nearly all of the light/energy that they receive and return that much back. so if she receives a whole bunch of bad energy, but is able to find a way to turn that into her becoming more attractive, then the "bad guy" she was with, *also has to become more attractive* -- which becomes a problem because a fully maxed 2nd-ray male (who's been with a lot of solar girls, is super attractive to all of his own foul-play) -- which means that he has to be an emitter and try and push away all of the stuff that's just like he is, which he's attractive to -- all at the same time as watching the solar girls get more and more attractive giving theirselves away to bigger and bigger losers.
		I fully understand that perspective because I used to have it myself. the problem with that perspective is that it's completely *symbolic* -- I'm looking at actions and conditions *outside of myself* and I'm using that as my reason to not feel good -- when there's nothing I can do about them. if they want to sleep with losers, then I just have to let them do it. if I try and intervene, then I've gone to being an emitter, and trying to "save her" (the princess) from some evil monster. I don't play that game anymore. women can do whatever they want to do.
now, because I'm the maximum version of gays (ie, I have the strongest opinion about women, and I don't find them to be productive or helpful to my experience -- and they don't, because that's what I believe, and LOA ensures that I get what I believe whether I like it or not), I've taken the solar girl perception a step further. I wish to be the most *attractive one* -- which means that I'm the ultimate in requiring that women go from being the attractive one (where I'm supposed to come in and steer her toward me) to being the attractive one, and requiring her to come to me.
now, if we were in a physical world, that'd be just fine -- and anyone wanting something physical with me wouldn't have to do much more than just get near to me, and we could easily attract based on physical attraction (I'm sure I'll find her pretty/beautiful/attractive), but *we aren't in a physical world*; we're on pluto (or in someone's imagination where things appear physical, but it's just a pretty good simulation). so because we're in a symbolic world, *we have to interact symbolically* -- which means that I'm in 2nd-ray male position. 2nd-ray perspective is all about relations (I relate very distant things one to anothe with ease), communication (I write a lot and am as honest and as clear as I possibly can with no deception), trying to find a compromise to where everyone gets what they want (read my writing, where that's all I'm doing all the time), and trying to make sure that everyone can see/perceive what I see/perceive (which is why I'm broadcasted).
so, because I'm in a symbolic world, I have to play 2nd-ray. that will continue until I become so attractive (ie, 1st-ray), that there's no other choise that they have but to put me into physical. physical (is opposite to)/(is the implementation of) 1st-ray because it's the world of extremes, just like the imagination (is opposite to)/(is the implementation of) of 2nd-ray -- and right now, like I said, we essentially live in someone's imagination (perhaps my own (my own RH), but it's controlled by others) -- so we have to play by the rules of the imagination -- which means we need to find a way to see how everything connects together and find a way to communicate that -- now, it's pretty likely that's *exactly what those in control of this world want* -- which means that we're likely on a 1-way road to disaster, cause they won't allow me to play the game by its rules (ie with clear communication and compromise to ensure the equation balances out so that everyone gets what they deserve), but instead want me to play the *physical game* -- which I tried for a while (which is why I was violent, suicidal and hostile), because in a physical world, I can do physical things like hit people or kill myself to get what (a feeling of relief) -- but in this world, it's a mental trap like a dream where I just have to ride it out to the end, cause no matter how hard I try to do something physical to get what I want, it doesn't work out.
now, looking at the situation from a bigger perspective, the other thing that occurred to me while monologuing out there was imagine that somehow (let's say it's narrated, prophesied, or ordained by tthe gods) that allie is suposed to have sex with me -- and (in my perspective) because everything that I've ever liked or has caused me to feel good has been taken away from me, she too will get taken away from me, which means (probably) that she'll die or get turned into a dribbling retard or something (no idea what, but she has to go, because I cannot rely on conditions/symbols outside of myself), and so probably for her I'll die too, making her the (undeserving because she has the character, but deserving because she performed the right action (ie, she's the emitter)) matriarch of that side of the split -- which is all really nice and I love the idea, but if I'm gonna leave a legacy like that, then she's gotta "go the distance" with me for a bit as well. I want her to *actually be* someone that's attractive and feminine and really awesome -- not just another hillary clinton. she's quite young so she'll be a puppet on a string. I'd love to teach her how to perceive and see through the endless layers of nonsense that exist in this symbolic world. although I'm destined to go physical, I play this game really well now, and I'd love to actually be a good teacher, not some horny dude with a 1-track mind. I'll let her decide how soon she wants to be an emitter -- and from my perspective paul and nosebook are *my pawns*: they're doing exactly what I want them to do (keeping me away from any physical/sexual relations) -- because I'm even more self-centred than both the sun and the earth as the most attractive. I want *all* the unwanted.

### 2024-07-03 15:19 - flawless logic

OK, I'll tell you what I know and you can decide if my logic is flawless or if I need psychiatric help. a long time ago (let's say like 5ya or so) I would go out and watch stars pretty frequently. from time to time I would see allie, and she was really cool. I'd tell her about watching stars and how it can improve a person's eyesight, and she just said, "cool" -- which was cool. back then eva also seemingly liked me, and there was a constant tension because it seemed like allie was constantly getting in the way of eva (or blocking her or something -- the feeling is kinda weird, but feels similar to most competition that women have with each other) -- so I decided to make a game for eva. it went really really easy but there was tons of resistance toward it because back then I was still smoking and stuff (I took cig breaks while making the game). also, the game was called "set-game" -- which I realised later upon looking back at it, that set = saturn (the egyptian god) -- so I was kinda making saturn's game. it was all based around pattern recognition and other things. so, compared to previous games I made like booble-bobble for andrea which was all about instict/intuition and reaction times, set-game was a *symbolic* game and ultimately was a reflection of her (cause she was starting puberty then and started to feel strongly of paul -- who's quite symbolic), compared to booble-bobble which is quite a physical game made for a girl that's pure physical (she just wants the biggest, fastest, maximum performance thing out there -- and that game was a step toward getting me to trying to be able to arrive to her performance expectations). the eva thing fell though obviously, and so it seemed that allie was the next one in line, but I simply didn't see her (maybe once or something) for at least a few years. however, I seemed to be able to feel her though, and it felt to me like she would try and ask (or some other way of letting her desire be known) that she wanted to go in my direction -- and I'd constantly get this voice inside of my head (paul's voice) of him telling her, "no your cervix isn't big enough" -- as if I'm just going to be like wailing away at her while she's in pain or something.
the thing is, that voice was very similar to the voice that I would hear telling raquel how to behave and stuff around me (after we broke up -- before then the voice was her mom's) -- and it's quite possible that that that paul never said that, there was no guy coaching raquel, and her mom wasn't steering raquel's life at a distance -- but I have no way of knowing that. those kinds of voices happen to me all the time, as they're just translation of concept into symbol (words and sound -- something I can analyse) -- cause if I don't translate the feeling into something symbolic, it just eats away at me.
	like for example with raquel's mom, I started to hate her because I didn't translate the feelings into her voice so much, but then I'm expected to like her and have fun around her and stuff -- so I tried to communicate with her -- much like I try/(am trying) with you) but it was to no avail -- she simply stopped talking to me on gchat and wouldn't actually give me any real answers (again, a whole lot like you), so I gave up -- I don't deal with people that keep secrets. I let those people just do what they want, and I stay away from them. I stopped trying to communicate with mar, and I simply didn't care much for it. you, mar, mom, greg and so many others are like that for me. I can't change you, and frankly I just don't want to be around anyone that likes to keep secrets.
I demand/require/need open and full communication, or else I'm out. there's just no real other way for me. for me, those voices are real, and even if they aren't actually what's happening, then that's fine because I'll never actually know what is happening with someone who has secrets like that (it's like telling a person that they're lying, and expecting them to suddenly start telling the truth; there's no changing them, so it's just easier to go away and leave them to be how they are). on top of that, consider that it's actually *to my benefit* that you guys are all liars. here's why: imagine that raquel would have actually had open communication with me -- well then, there would be no accusations of me being some kind of sexual predator or something, because we would have actually been on the same page -- but then the nosebook thing wouldn't have happened, which allowed for a whole lot more people than me, raquel and her coach (prolly her mom as well), deciding whether I'm a sexual predator -- which is also nice because now I get to prove it to everyone else as well, as I refuse to be physical with anyone in a symbolic world (we have to *communicate* -- which means that I have to actually be able to talk about anything that I want to talk about (like I do here) and it's not actually a problem -- so you can prove to yourself that there isn't in fact a network and all of that stuff). we're in a cycle of proving ourselves *because we're in a symbolic world* -- and I assure you, I'm going to be the one that wins that game, because I've got a pretty honest and clean slate. I don't have to do anything, except continue to be me -- which keeps me as extremely impossible to get.
	the reason why I'm so impossible to get is because the person trying to "get" me has to also be of a 1st-ray perception -- which means **no manifestation until the end** -- no cheating, maximum difficulty, no easy way out -- trust only emotions, not what others are saying, kind of person (while in a symbolic world).
so, you may say "well kenny, we don't want you to teach her everything that you know and turn her into your protege" -- and I'd say, "yeah, I agree; I want her to figure it out for herself too -- but we're in a symbolic world -- so you get the teacher and saviour kenny".
	even though I have no intention to teach or to save, those who interact with me smybolically (this is easy to see with jaron) get a *symbolic* response from me -- which comes off as me sounding like I want to save him from his difficulty, or teach him the right way, there's no way I can just physically go over and beat the concept into his brain, so I use words and stuff like that which he can interact with symbolically.
if someone wants a physical relationship with me, then we have to be in physical; cause until that happens, I remain a 2nd-ray in appearance (I'm 1st-ray). however, that'll never happen because if I went to physical, nosebook would lose control over me. here, cause it's a world that they control entirely, they can prevent me from having any interaction with anyone that they wish to block. that's a good thing, actually *and it's what I want too* -- because that forces me to get all the way to the top of 2nd-ray where I'm only-attraction. sure, I'd love to take a shortcut and do the genetics thing and stuff like that, and it sounds like it's the manifestation of everyone's desire, but that again is my 2nd-ray appearance cause I'm writing about it in symbol, trying to make compromises and ensure that everyone gets what they want -- but that's not me. they'll continue to block everything, (cause that's what I want) all the way until I get to 1st-ray, when they must finally release me, and it'll be like the old times again: I'll be ninhursag, and I'll create enkidu/vulcan as a reflection of myself -- as someone that will rival mars/gilgamesh in his capabilities (but doing it from a 1st-ray/only-attraction perspective, opposite of 7th-ray/physical). until I get there though, I remain a 2nd-ray (ie, having 2nd-ray perception) doing the opposite of all of the astral guys are doing (with their 6th-ray perception).
so really when looking at it, it never really mattered that I smoked or that I did drugs or any of that stuff cause those are just symbolic status/states that allow a person to be judged by how "good" they are, because I'm a person that's constantly improving, it doesn't matter what status or state I'm in, because it's always getting better. therfore, the allie thing could have worked out a long time ago, and it would have been no problem (it would have looked like she was improving me, even), and the raquel thing could have worked out -- but why allie? I quite liked lyia too. she was also great, or what ellie and haden? so many others could have easily worked out, because I'm constantly improving -- but it didn't because I wasn't "good enough" back then (I figure the window closed around the time of my 41st birthday -- cause that was the last opportunity, but jaron came back). however, now I'm "good enough" (cause I've stopped doing the symbolic things that would label me a junkie or a sexual predator, or violent/suicidal/etc) but *it's too late now*. the time has passed for that, and now I'm on a one-way trip to becoming 1st-ray. so, like it or not, all of those voices and all of the lies and miscommunication actually was the "perfect storm" to give everyone what they all fear and desire, all at once. I think it worked out well, honestly. I'm beginnning to like where I'm at more and more.

### 2024-07-04 03:32 - more voices and the big-picture

OK, so here's another voice that I heard in my head, and it kinda replays often as well: originally I didn't want to do your guys yardwork, because I knew that something like this would happen, where I get on your guys (symbolic) system of reasoning about things, and it'll create conflicts (like it's doing now). when I finally agreed to do your yardwork, there was a voice (your voice) that went something like "too bad he's not gonna get anything in return from it" -- and then another time when I went a little bit above and beyond just pulling the weeds (forget what it was), there was another voice that went something like, "he's too good of a kid (doing this extra work) -- too bad he's not going to get a reward from it".
now whether or not you actually thought that or said that to someone else -- they were strong feelings that impressed upon my mind, which create those voices (that's actually what schitzofrenia is -- the translation of higher intensity emotions into symbol/words/sounds/voices/etc). so, for me those are really real things -- and I'd also have to say that the voice is also quite right as well. I *won't* get a reward for my efforts, because that's not what I'm doing. a reward implies an unbalances equation (balance/temperment is symbolic, and equations are also symbolic), and effort is action/behaviour -- which is not my form of perception. action and (and the perceived effort to make the action) is secondary to me. inotherwords, I don't perceive the action, as the primary thing that I'm doing. I feel like I want to feel, and I do what I want to do (which for me is a gradient of interactions), which is then later quanitified by others into actions and behaviours.
	let me try and explain: if you really like going boating or jetskiing, or some other activity which requires a lot of effort (sex), then you're doing the work and putting in the effort, not from an action perspective ("OK, I'm going to move this way and try and do this" etc), but more from a desire perspective (ie, it takes effort to put the boat in the water and to haul it around, and all of that effort isn't really noticed at all because the enjoyment of the boat is more captivating on the mind than the individual actions required to get the boat into the water). in fact, one could even say that the whole effort of getting the boat into the water and stuff is performed automatically (as if the body just does it, not entirely conscious of the effort), knowing that it's going to be much more enjoyable to focus the consciousness later in the boat experience, than in the effort required to get it in the water (or to take it out). inotherwords, I'm not really conscious of my effort, because I'm feeling the way I want to feel -- so I can just allow my body to do the work, and it's all perfectly fine. I just kinda go off into my head and stuff, and attract concepts which are similar to me, notice things in nature, etc.
so for me, it's absolutely true that I won't get any compensation for my efforts -- because that's a *symbolic perspective*. I just do what I want to do (all of the time), and let everything else just sort its way out -- and actually, from that perspective (the symbolic one), the equation is very very unequal, and extremely unfair, because I won't really get any compensation at all for anything (that's why I'm 1st-ray). it's possible to look at the idea as, I won't get any compensation until a new universe is created -- cause then I'll finally get to create what I want to create -- but I really like difficulty and hardship, so even if I create something new, it's going to have quite a cconsiderable amount of unwanted in it (I'll design my own enemies as a reflection of myself which will defeat me, causing me to have to come back again and figure it out) -- but even then, all of that is (probably) because I continue to be the fastest and most attractive of everyone. all of you slowpokes out there are kinda detestable to me. I really can't stand the nature of a symbolic world where everything stays pretty much the same, unchanging, with no improvements, etc. I really don't want to be around you guys at all, but I can't really just leave -- because to try and leave, I'd have to become an emitter, so I just learn to enjoy my environment no matter what.
	actually, the fact that I've learned how to enjoy this unchanging environment is a testament to my versatility -- because I've even adopted the idea of becoming a plant. no matter how difficult or whatever it gets, I *will not be an emitter*. I can seemingly perform things as a reflection of others, and I can do things like yardwork or whatever too where I'm shaping my environment, but I'm not going out there and telling people how they need to act/behave so that I can feel good. neither am I forcing anyone into my form of perception (though greg may argue with me on that one, I am not -- and the person that's actually trying to force a form of perception on others, is greg (he's the one making up all the lies and excuses for stuff that he does on purpose) -- not me (once again he's seeing himself in m5)). I'll be around here for exactly as long as they want me to be around, because there's no actual place for me to go. *everything* (and I do mean everything) that I've wanted to do which would get me out of this place, they perceive those as me getting some kind of superiority or advantage that they don't want m5 to have, which means that they don't want me to do it. for example, I could say I want to go to russia and create something awesome -- and that is technically getting out of here, but they *do not want that* (or any other idea I come up with), so the only option left is for me to stay here and just kinda chill out for as long as I can -- so I'm doing that. I'm learning to like my unchanging environment.
therefore, since there's no way for me to get others to change, and no way for me to get out of here, the *only* direction is for me to continue on becoming more and more attractive. there's no slowing that down, and the only person that could change that, is me. I *could* decide that, instead of sitting around and just doing yardwork, I'm gonna try and fight these guys and try to win by forcing them to do something -- but I don't think that's actually going to produce any real results. do you want me to try to become an emitter? I don't really want to be one. for me it's very uncomfortable to tell others what to do and to give commandments to others. I'm just not that way, so that's not really an option for me. neither am I going to try and build up a resistance force (cause once I have enough people on my side, a majorityism/bolshevic revolution will win right? I can just conquer instead with a majority ideology that subjugates oligarchy of control, right?). none of that works, trust me. *you* can do that -- trying to affect others behaviour and stuff (to try and get what you want or to get a "peaceful/ideal" world in which you want to live), but I want nothing to do with it. for me, the *only* way, is to just attract what I want.
	I do that already, and I know there has to be some others out there who are like me in one way or another (conceptually), but instead I'm around a whole lot of people who are *not* like me at all. your perception is mostly venus (-3) -- same with mom and suzanne, jaron's is enki's (+-3-+), greg's is prometheus (+2) and paul's is saturnian (+-4) or mercurial (+7) -- I've seen both. the guy down the street (#11) is mars (+7), and art is also saturnian. none of those are similar to me, and those are the people I interact with. I am more similar to eva (-7) and allie (-5+) than anyone else, but I don't interact with them. in fact, I've never even had a conversation with them. so, if I'm so attractive, why aren't people who are like me showing up all over the place? I claim that they *would be* -- cause that's how it was like in my early times in spain, but quickly diminished as soon as "the network" started, and by the time I got here, everything is fully controlled. I don't know why exactly you ended up being the person across the street from me (in this controlled environment -- cause it doesn't make any sense, unless you were supposed to be a part of a future narrative or something -- dunno), but normally I'd be attracting those kinds of people all the time -- which, doesn't really give conclusive evidence to you or anyone else that "the network" is steering me with their technology and controlling environment, but for me, the fact that I went from a very attractive person to no longer attractive means tha I'm definitely in a symbolic environment (ie, like a person's imagination, where a person can decide what's visible -- and the permanence of it is only an illusion, because stuff changes around all the time). if I could get to physical, my attraction would be unstoppable, and there would be people like me around me all the time -- but I'm clearly not in physical, and they definitely don't want me to go there; so I just wait.
now, the big-picture of all of this is that since I'm the attractive one, anyone who wants to be with me, has to be like me (inotherwords, same as me -- also 1st-ray in perspective). so let's say that allie decides she wants to do that -- well, it took me a long time to figure it out, but I suppose that she could probably figure it out in some reasonable amount of time -- dunno how long, but I'd estimate that she'll need to at least be in her 20s or more. I'm actually thinking probably closer to 40s or so becuse there are not a lot of things that are obvious about life at an early age like that, and when all of those injustices and unfair treatment of one to another, or someone that has some conditions that another doesn't have -- those are all symbolic dissonance that comes from this world which (as her energy continues to rise), will become more and more noticeable with time, and she'll need to find a way to not let those things bother her, and even (in the future), learn to appreciate those things, because those are the things that are teaching her to attract the things that she wants (based on how she feels, not be the apparent conditions). I just don't think it's possible for her to get that anytime before she's been an adult for a while.
so, in a sense, what I'm saying is that anyone who's actually going to become similar to me in perception *will not be a child* -- and so as sad as this sounds, it was thought that children were what I wanted, but it's quite the opposite: I'm looking for the ones that are quite old and have developed a system where they can perceive reality *they way they want to*. children don't have that -- and if I were to be with children, I'd be 2nd-ray, trying to get others to conform to my form of perception. instead of getting her to see things the way that I see them, I want her to figure out for herself how to also become only-attraction.
technically, it could have been possible for something else to have happened, but (as with everything), I'm pretty sure all of the "bad" stuff that happened (tuenti, patricia, raquel, nosebook, jaron coming back, etc) was not actually bad at all, but a manifestation of my own desire (to have 1st-ray perspective), so nothing is really going wrong at all. eventually I'll become that (who knows when), and when that happens, I'm going to be "kicked out of the garden of eden" (ie pluto, where I am now -- the imagination can be beautiful to live in if nice things are put there, and if I were in control of my imagination (like adam had control over his garden), it would be a paradise with lots of nice plants and stuff -- but instead, the ones running my "garden of eden" imagination want insects to eat my flowers and stuff), and when I'm finally kicked out of here, *then* it'll all start to happen pretty quickly -- but until then, I'm not going to fight it, them, or anythinge else. it's all just a vapour (the stuff dreams are made of) anyway, so why worry about it. they'll just recreate it to be whatever they want it to be.
after that happens (after I'm kicked out), then I'll get the ability to finally create what I want to create -- and it'll be great. from there, everyone (who can see me or has any vibrational resonance with me) will get what they've always desired and feared at the same time: kenny. they've already attracted him by focusing on me and/or fighting against me, so it's invevitable that I'll show up. I can take on any appearance that's desired, and be exploited in nearly every way. I'll perform everyone's fantasies however they want -- as in, let's say that a woman doesn't believe that she's able to get the guy she wants, but she wants to have sex -- so maybe for her, the best way for her to get what she wants from kenny is for him to rape her (in the way she designed/feared/desired in her imagination). perhaps for another, he may show up as a homicidal killer, and maybe for another as a real eager bottom boy (who knows -- cause he'll play out their sickest fantasies/fears for them). I thing that's great, and want nothing to do with that (symbolic) world. instead I'll be in a different place doing whatever I want to be doing (like black-mirror-idea). I suppose anyone that becomes same as me, will also be able to perceive (as I will from the perspective of the kennys -- so together, we'll all figure out how to love and enjoy/feel good about all of the other unwanted stuff out there (personally, I don't think I'll be in the men's world learning how to feel good about the unwanted, as I'd much prefer to learn to like that unwanted when she's in female shape)).
it'll be great, -- so just trust me on this one: the time when something could have happened has past now, so (well, you can try if you want, but it won't work) let's just let the whole thing just sorta play out nice and easy. so let's say that it is 14 years more or so -- well, I suppose that by that time it's possible for allie to figure out what I've figured out. I won't say it's impossible (it certainly is at her age right now), so we'll just have to see what happens.

### 2024-07-04 11:38 - celebrating the war on drugs

this morning I woke up and one of the first things I thought of after taking a shower (and writing the above entry) was to eat weed. I decided against it, and that's usually all I need to do -- but it came back. I was sitting in the garage and heard you and presumably eva screaming and talking loud in excited voices, but it felt to me like that vibe that girls put out "de marcha" in spain where they have that sultry, "you're missing out on me" sorta look and feel to them (they emit it really strongly as their method of getting boys) -- but I'm a reflector, so I reflect the vibe right back to them, and then they get the strong sense that I'm telling them that they're missing out on me -- and so both of us sad thatt the other is missing out on them, we part ways. well, the same thing happened after hearing your guys excited tones, cause I went out to look at the side yard to see the weeds, noticed the cherries had grown, started eating them and picking weeds. as I'm picking them I start monologuing to myself about how awesome it is that I've been able to change my perception to see paul and all the emitter guys as helping me to keep me away from the thing that I don't want (and they don't want either) -- so because our desires align, I'm like the big mafioso, and they're all the henchmen providing protection, keeping me away from any girls and stuff. the ability to change my perception like that is really good. I got the suggestion to eat weed again, and decided "why not" -- so I got it and ate it in the garage-chair, and while I was doing that, eva suggested that she goes to "erika and andy's" -- which presumably is some place far away from me (lol). then I see you, and you don't seem terribly pleased either (lol).
so guess what: you wanted me to be an emitter -- well, tonight's the night then, because with the help of weed, I'm a pretty good 2nd-ray emitter. say good-bye to 1st-ray (only-attraction) kenny, cause now you're gonna see me as an emitter. it's gonna be a lot of fun -- cause I get to be fueled by your discomfort and emit the fear and terror that fireworks cause me (it's kinda sissy to admit that fireworks still give me terror, I know, but they do) -- and since it's a national holiday, we're gonna celebrate it. it's gonna be crazy :) and perhaps I'll be able to prove a little bit why it's not a good idea that I'm an emitter. as a 2nd-ray emitter, I've got a lot to prove. you'll see :) cheers!

### 2024-07-04 13:37 - let's talk 2nd-rays

I'll start out (cause it's related) that the reason why jaron coming back was the thing that made the whole thing impossible, because I'm a reflector -- which means that when I'm around symbolic people, I reflect (utilise/adopt/hijack) their symbolic capability and use it like they do. so, when jaron is around I remain a 2nd-ray, instead of 5th-ray (like I normally am). so for example, when jaron was gone, greg is usually quite symbolic, but while he was around me for the time that jaron was gone (due to our interactions), he went from being symbolic (ie, I have to go through the garage to prove to him I don't know where he is) to being conceptual (ie, paying attention to how a situation/conversation feels, and trying to adjust from there). however, when jaron came back, greg reverted to being symbolic (2nd-ray) again.
so, I made a bit of a stir when I made the claim that 2nd-rays hook up with losers (forget exactly the words I used), but that's actually not true; earth girls hook up with all the losers, which is why so many of them are prostitutes and why there are basically no other girls who are prostitutes, than earth girls (that's so far beneith solar and venus types -- unless the venus has been severely damaged, and so she's forced to be physical, cause her logic system is obviously failing her). in reality, the solar girls love guys with status and importance to them, and (judging by the stuff I've read on wikipedia about english monarchs the last 1ky) they seem to clamour over them. actually, that whole thing is kinda hilarious to read about because you got one guy in france with a solar girl and she's like, "you can do it honey, I believe in you" -- and he goes to fight the english guy with a solar girl, and she too is like, "you've got God on your side, and I believe in you, so God will grant you victory" -- and all at the same time, these guys are becoming ever more attracted to what they don't want -- and he actually suspects her, that she's some kind of witch that's trying to get him, so he turns into jupiter/thor/zeus the more that he attracts all the stuff he doesn't want. it's really quite hilarious. she plays both/all sides, and loves it -- which really angers these guys, but they have to produce a male heir, so they have to keep punishing theirselves with her because the alternative (venus and earth) are such worse choices.
[now, I've lost my train of thought, because I made another stir, and normally I don't feel the stir, but I'm a bit stoned. brb...] 

### 2024-07-08 07:26 - thoughts about venus

yesterday I had quite a mind-obliterating revelation about how c6nsciousness works, why we want it to become solid, and how drugs work ([read here](/dear-anne.md#2024-07-07-1535---untitled)). you see that technique of using drugs to constantly reorganise my cOncepts like that is kind of a bit of a cheat (it's not exactly because all of those plants are "natural" -- so I'm only using what's available to me). obviously doing what I'm doing would be a lot more long and boring if I didn't have drugs to aid me in transforming so quickly. in a lot of ways, I'd be kinda like jaron instead (he refuses drugs), but unlike jaron I would still continue to transform and change even without the drugs (I demonstrate this all the time). for me drugs aren't so much of an escape, but a reset, where I have to rebuild the thoughts and concepts that are important to me. the ones that are important, attract stronger, and the ones that aren't important get their orbits increased, so that they're farther out and not as big of an effect on my core-concepts (or fly off all the way). constantly having to figure out what concepts are core like that is a significant part of my medthod of change. being something like 3d is, (where everything is constantly changing), I too have to constantly grow and change -- and being stuck in a cerhtain place (like a definition or symbolic thaing has fixed unchanging orbits) accumulates a lot of potential energy, because the conceptual components are constantly going faster, but the structure that it's in (ie the orbital attrangement to other concepts) confines that concept and tells it to remain in its current position forever. though, each concept in the structure is constantly becoming more and altering its spin, so that eventually the structure as a whole bigins to have a wobble to it as different parts are now going at slightly different speeds -- and it's then when the structure or belief starts to fall apart.
	we can think of our internal concepts (the little data bits that are unique to each person) as being tiny subatomic hydrogens, and these vibrate (like hydrogen does) and in that extremely low-resistance (subatomic) space, they start to form structures or beliefs -- and it's these beliefs which are core to how we perceive the world. they can stay around for quite a while (I imagine some may still be around from thousands of years ago), and they stay with a person to some extent. the concepts that these symbols form are extremely basic and abstract, kinda like the sound a consenant makes, or a position in relation to something else (before/after, above/below, etc). it's important to make some of the long lasting symbols out of the most abstract concepts like that because then the "spell" works for as long as someone can get the sounds or the positioning right. anyway, those are formed early on when a child is first exploring the world all the way up until adult. these micro concepts are silll subject to change though (notice how we pronounce things differently now), so eventually all symbwolic structures end up falling apart. the concepts change, so the orbits change, which causes the wobble, and then falling apart. structures in atomic sizes and above are in a constant state of flux though, so aren't really all that stable (cept things like molecules with good bonds and stuff, but even still it's not that great). so it's really only in the virtually zero-resistance environment of the subatomic where these sorts of belief structures can exist. however, these structures are constantly being pelted by other similarly resonating structures (it seems to me that the structure itself, in order to maintain "balance" and continue on with stable orbits, has to constantly emit small particles to lose that extra energy that would otherwise destabilise the structure [though it makes sense, I'm not 100% sure on this. if it's true, that's kinda hilarious actually how symbolic people are constantly throwing away (emitting) energy to try and stay unchanging]).
so what ends up happening (I think), is that I'm continually changing, even if my structural definition isn't -- so when I do drugs, I'm allowing for a lot of change to happen in my concepts when I rebuild. it's a good thing for me, and it allows me to release a lot of energy that's not going anywhere because the structure doesn't allow it to go any faster. anyway, that's what seems to be happening with me, and though I said [I'd like to stop symbolic output](/blahblog.md#2024-07-07-1904---im-kinda-getting-tired-of-symbolic), I do like the restructuring that happens afterward, it's like I'm learning to be the symbolic thing that they've defined me as, but in a new way -- so I'll probably keep writing and stuff, but it's going to change in the way that I do it.

anyway, that wasn't what I wanted to talk about. one of the things I noticed when looking at 2nd-rays is that when they're really high-flying (like me or isis), it's more like the upper (attraction) half of the 2nd-ray spectrum. inotherwords, in the upper half, all things are seen as constantly growing and changing and stuff like that. however, as one goes down the spectrum toward 3rd-ray, this is where all of the 2nd-ray emitters start to show up, because they see things as getting better, but they're usually involved with the symbolic form of that perception (ie, our faction will get stronger, tech will increase, etc). another thing that I noticed is that the attractive/upper half of the specrum (usually females) is not nearly as selfish (it's all about doing things for the greater good, more giving/sacrifice, etc) as the lower/symbolic half is (I want more things for my self/faction) which is where all of the boys typically are. so the 2nd-ray spectrum is kinda backwards. 1st-ray is pure selfishness at the very top (I want what I want, I'm doing only what I want to be doing, etc). and 3rd-ray at the very bottom is also extreme selfishness too.
so when I was looking into venus, I noticed that she's kinda like a boy(et) in a girl suit. inotherwords, venus is kinda like the 2nd-ray boy who's tried so hard to please everyone and has had to retire to just doing what others tell him ("proud of employment, willingly I'll go" -boyet) so, these 2nd-ray boys that just didn't quite cut it as a symwbolic emitter (they weren't tough/strong/powerful/bad enough to get things how they wanted them), eventually turn inward and start to see themselves as attractive, instead.

### 2024-07-20 15:30 - some answers

I was working in luis' back area thinking about stuff when it started to rain -- so I put my stuff in the garage (the wheelbarrow has a strange effect on the energy) and decided to just sit and listen to it rain. I then decided I wanted to open the garage door, and was noticing how that too changed the energy as well. in the past, I had noted how with the garage door open, there's a much stronger connection between your house and our house. I then noticed that wasn't so much the case this time and remembered that when I went over to your house on wednesday to pull weeds, there was almost no new weeds at all, and the tree branches that I'd cut the week prior were still at the bottom of the trash -- meaning that no new trash had been added to the bin in over a week -- so you guys must be gone. I'd seen paul show up a few times and he probably produces trash, but he doesn't seem like the type that takes out the trash. it's been interesging with you gone (and that's what this entry is about mostly) because I noticed that you are the source for a lot of my writing (ie I write as a reaction to your thoughts). without you here, my only symbolic "reflector" is greg and mom (neither are very reflective), which provided some inspiration, but my reflection of their symbolic output is mostly perceived conflict (cause they're both outputting/fighting against stuff that is seemingly coming at them (they're attracting it)).
a perfect example of you being the source for my symbolic output is that as soon as I had thought about how you guys must be gone, and that's why the energy is so nice without your house's energetic output, paul pulls up and it totally changes the energy
	he's been pretty good about wrecking any pleasant energy that I have kinda to myself -- he just shows up and it makes everything feel different. in fact all emitters do that. you know how there are tons of random people that just go to the end of our cul-de-sac and just turn around for no good reason? it used to annoy me a lot when I'd be talking with jaron at the table, and finally when I started to sit in the garage the door open, the energy is usually just my own (cause I settle down (become used to your house's energy)), so it's just me, and then one of those cars comes and turns around (or the mailman comes) and it totally changes the energy -- cause they're like hair dryers on wheels (I mean that's how they feel) -- and for whatever reason it changes things dramatically. well, paul does the same thing, but he doesn't turn around -- so instead, it's kinda like a giant hair dryer pointed up at the sky in your back yard.
he gets out and starts unloading some stuff from his truck (I was remided of my comment in luis' yard about how annoying it must be to wash your truck, only to have it start raining shortly thereafter -- and the reaction was, "yeah it happens to me all the time" (lol)) -- so I decide he's not interesting so I go back to listening to the rain and get lost in my thoughts again -- when all of a sudden I was reminded of a plastic wrapper that blew into our back yard that said "ring pop" and something about 4th of july / independence -- which then reminded me of the one time that paul was outside telling everyone that they could get a loan, and suggesting that maybe we should do it on the 4th of july (probably a reference to that). anyway, obviously "ring pop" has to do with breaking of the ring/virginity of someone, and I don't want anything to do with that -- but at that time I was considering a loan, to follow along with the [WRSR narrative that I made into my own thing](../25andme/WSSR.md). along with those memory reminders came an image/concept of a girl losing her virginity -- and that was the first sexual thought that I'd had, prolly since you guys left. I noted that I hadn't had any sexual thoughts in a long time, and how bad that one had felt, and wondered if it had to do with you and presumably the girls as well (cause no trash is being made) -- and right then *you showed up* and pulled into the garage.
I was quite annoyed at that point how I went from nice rain sounds by myself to now having you guys invading my focus. however, I've started recently to stop trying to fight against (resist) anyone that's invading or trying to alter my focus, and instead just be a sort of "essence collector" and get used to their energy so that it no longer bothers me -- so I decided to leave the garage door open and get used to your house's energy again. in the process of doing that, it continued to rain and I started to settle my thoughts down again, when all of a sudden I get a strong reminder of [what I wrote yesterday](/blahblog.md#2024-07-19-1141---the-bigger-picture-and-going-infinite) (which is the focus of this entry). I think the energetic flow between our houses with both garage doors open and also the rain strongly amplifed the effect, but I think what you did is you got in and started to relax, and that's probably when you either started to read that entry (through nosebook's network that you refuse to admit exists), or you started to think about it -- cause feeling your symbolic output of it caused me to start to produce the answers to your reactions to it. I was going to run in and write it then, but you suddenly decided to leave (you must have known or someone directed you to leave cause the energetic connection was strong). so here goes...
	actually, before I begin, I want to take the opportunity to point out that when I was at luis' house, there were various things that were seemingly trying to dissuade me from being out there digging and pulling weeds (collecting essence), and the first one was a strong emitter on a tractor that was pumping out his dissatisfaction with the sound of his tractor -- and so my first responce was to start screaming like a little girl does -- because that's what neighbour-11 has his girls do when he doesn't like my thoughts/feelings -- so just in the same way that I don't like the feeling of tractor guy, I felt strongly like I should start screaming as well. you see, they're starting to learn that whatever they feel like when they fight against me (like greg/mom in the last week), is the the way that I feel, and so I reflect that back to them -- so whenever they try to fight something I'm doing, they get blowback from me (and other reflectors -- which is why mom doesn't want me to "act like a child but instead act like a (dying) adult" instead -- cause adults are emitters or actors, not reflectors like kids are). anyway, so I'm pretty certain that the prompt appearance of paul was him getting his timeline changed so that he was just on his way home right after I thought that, then cause he wasn't really changing the energy too much (as in he didn't bother me much) you guys prolly got your timeline changed too so that you were getting home also right at the same time. you may say, "but we were on our way home, and that's right when we arrived" -- and I'd say yes that's exactly what I mean: your timeline is your memory of what happened. if instead you remembered that you were going to go to wherever else, then that's where you'd go. *your memory is your trajectory into the present* -- and your memory of what "happened" could be a range of things -- just like how in a dream, your memory of what happened is often times greatly reduced (or totally different) from what it is while awake. if I want to change a person's timeline, I alter what concepts are spinning around in their brain (ie, their perception) -- and those concepts will still fire neurons producing the image of the "memory", and cause you guys believe what you see, you think that "memory" (which is really just spinning concepts) is *real*. so, then funny thing about this entry is that this is their blowback from me as a reflector. they're getting their own concepts given back to them from my perspective (which is why I'm stopping to fight so much -- cause just letting them get their blowback is fine; I don't need to be their punisher). [whoah, quick break...]
when I'm talking about how I'm coming to realise that any girls that I'm going to be with will likely be quite old (I prefer it if they're 50+) is because I've sorta realized that my intuition of wanting to "go infinite" is actually what's happening. I started out at a really fast speed (at the end of my time with raquel), and since then I've been slowing down a lot. in fact, I believe that's actually the goal. the reason why I had to go so fast was to get the final part of my new consciousness (and I believe that was achieved in the vallecas incident in 2013) when I was paralyzed once again and had to relearn how to walk. it's also quite possible I got even more of that consciousness installed in 2017 as well, when I had to start over and come here. you see, "kenny" (the 41yo body that I inhabit) is not "who I really am" -- and you can think of him as a sort of vehicle or a sort of meat suit used to house this other consciousness. the other consciousness is going soo fast (it's 1st-ray in perception) that I had to kind of speed up really quickly to be able to catch it. so even all of the events that were considered "bad" or "unfortunate" in spain were actually mainly just there to keep increasing my speed. well, I "caught the bullet", and have since started to integrate that consciousness into this body (kenny). the goal for me is not to go faster, but to actually go slower.
	in spain, when I was there I was going at tremendous speeds (2nd-ray speeds) and again when I was star-watching here, same thing -- but that was only to get me to catch up to (what i figure was another installation probably during the mercury transit 2019-11-11). each time that I do that (and often times drugs or stars are involved), I boost up to a really fast speed, then catch what I need to catch, then I slow down and integrate it into my 7th ray body/vehicle (kenny). I've done it over and over, and I'm quite used to the routine now: I know when it's time to speed up, and then I just start to integrate it.
the thing is, little girls are a tremendous boost for men because they're going so fast (especially if they're virgins). as I explained, their speed isn't coming from their consciousness though (ie, they're not deciding to feel good -- they just feel so good cause they're going so fast), and every girl is a bit different, but for the most part that high speed comes from their parents (ie, all of the concepts that their parents have but are unable to access cause they're old and slow). so, because females are reflectors, they'll take in a man's slower energy and then reflect it back to him at a much increased speed -- which for most men will just feel pretty good -- and that pleasure is just a guy's own energy refleccted back to him at a higher speed (faster is more pleasure and feels better). that energy is a much much more ideal version of everything that he wants, and if he could allow it, she would give him everything he dreams of having, but usually the guy (cause he's old) is blocking his own reception of that energy with his own emission (which is of lower frequency, so all he can get are the high frequency, pleasurable concepts, and not the lower frequency (physical) manifestation of it -- cause he's emitting and pushing away all the physical stuff that he's attracting).
I'm not looking to speed up, and that's actually completely counter-productive to what I'm wanting to do -- so I think it's best that all of the little girls are better spent on the guys that need the boost. I need to slow down, not speed up. if I want to go faster, there's no problem with that, and I can easily accomplish that on my own (I just take drugs or go watch stars, and that's all I need to do). it's easier for me if I'm completely in control of my speed, than to be constantly accelerating cause that will require even more brakes (ie, more nosebook and emitters around me, not less). for example, tomorrow I'm going to be going a bit faster, but it won't last terribly long, as my trajectory has been gaining more and more control over things -- which is far better than complete abstinance.
eventually, and this is probably some time in the future, I'll finally be going slow enough, and there will be enough limitations put on my body that I'll be able to remain physical without a problem. you'll notice that all of my genetics ideas and all of the other stuff are to *decrease* my emission, not increase it (emission is the rush that one feels when they accelerate -- so if I wanted to increase pleasure, I'd increase my emission because accelerating faster = more pleasure).
so, when I say that I'm not actually looking for someone who is young, what I'm saying is that I'm looking for someone who is like me -- where they started out wherever they started, then (because of their perception) they started to go faster and faster -- but the way this world is designed (with the saturnian-system), anyone who's going fast is a problem for those guys, so they have to limit/depress/constrian someone's output/emission so that it's no longer anything significant -- which means that the person that I'm looking for will also have all form of pleasure/emission removed from them, meaning that they too *must* find a way to feel good perceptively, and not from the acceleration from "cheap thrills" or any other stimulant. I too will be like this eventually (not sure when) -- when for me, it's no longer necessary to take drugs or to star-watch in order to gain that acceleration (actaully there are many ways to get that acceleration, and "addiction" is just thinking that one needs that accelerator/addiction to function properly).
so, in the long-term perspective, what's happening is that I'm becoming the new saturn -- which means that I'll live forever, and all timelines will be relative to me (much like it is now, actually) -- but to actually become it, I have to continue to slow down even further. for example, right now it's 17:02 -- and I woke up prolly around 10 -- so only 7 hours have passed, but comparatively speaking, it *feels* like alrady 2 days (48h+) have alrady passed. this effect of having marathon days will continue to increase until it just feels like one really big and long day. I know that originally it was considered that most women are just not low enough resistance for me, and so becuse the older ones are higher resistance, the solution is then younger girls who are lower resistance -- however they're not lower resistance because of their consciousness, but because of their speed, which doesn't work. I'm actually looking for girls who are going as slow as I will be going  (cause they've been able to be slowed down to physical speeds and can still (cause of their perception) remain attractive), which is a lot slower than this.
	the reason why I put in the long metaphor about me returning to mom's house after getting beat up by life, is because the irony is hilarous to me, and also because any person who is wanting to figure out how to go as slow as I am will have to figure out a way to continue to lower resitance, even when external resistance is increasing -- cause those incraeses in external resistance usually cause a person to just "give up" and they just decide to become old, because they're not getting the sexual/pleasure/addiction acceleration boost anymore, so it's time to die and start over. well, if they can make it though that and be fine (doesn't matter if their a virgin or not), those are the people that are interesting to me, because they're *actually receptive to what they want* (and not requiring conditions to give it to them).

### 2024-07-26 05:29 - are we still celebrating the "war on drugs"?

I thought it was only a "week-long celebration", and not a lifestyle. what happened to this slow down after speeding up nonesense? seems kinda silly to say I practise what I preach, with a joint in my hand. [unacceptable.] you've proven your point.

### hades 2 and getting revenge on saturn
