# galaxy-question-aire

### 2024-03-30 14:26 - who can come with me?

I don't have any restrictions on who can come, and I even imagine that there will be some "stowaways". the thing is, it'll start to become so high energy (especially after leaving the solar system), that manifestation of thoughts and emotions will become essentially instant. to get around this rapidly increasing attraction (cause there won't be a sun or any 2nd-ray establishing the system), I have a number of different things that I want to do (of which I'm already a living prototype of many). thoughts will take on a whole new form; instead of thinking thoughts like we do now, thoughts will all become a translation of emotion into symbol. in fact, all symbolic things (words, actions, etc) will come never as a primary output, but *only* as a reflectoin or as a result of something else. symbol is necessary, but it's not going to drive any portion of our relational system. anyone who is in any way primary symbolic will find it very very very difficult to be on this galaxy.
	good examples of this are a lot of my conversations with greg and jaron about things that "mean" something, or are interpretted symbolically to be a certain way. there will be no laws or code of conduct, and definitely no cOntrol system to enforce it. all things are possible, and so anything that anyone thinks or feels will become reality basically instantly. to describe what it would be like, imagine a person that can *only* see what they want to see, hear what they want to hear, and do anything that they want to do -- and it'll be something like that. appearance will no longer matter (cause everyone sees what they want to see), and symbolic word presentation (order, inflection, and stuff like that) also will no longer make a difference either.
also, it's of note to say that some might consider going with us, to have a sort of tragic and amazing death experience. they'll find it probably pretty unlikely that they'll be able to become only-attraction (in their present form), but maybe they like the idea of it, and want to give it another shot in a new body. there are a lot of possiblities, but the essence of it all, is that the speeds we'll go at, everyone will have to come to terms (faster and faster) with their wildest desires and fears, at an increasing rate.
	personally, and although I know this sort of system is what I want, I don't at all see myself ready for it. I still have a lot of difficulties that I still have with my environment. sure a new environment with good conditions will solve the problem, *and* I'm also confident too that I'll be able to create solutions to all my difficulties in time, before my own attraction destroys me too, so I don't really consider it a drawback at all. inotherwords, because my desire is to be only-attraction and I have a willingness to change, improve, and become that, I'm confident that my desire is enough to ensure success. others though, who are less inclined to want to change, will surely destroy theirselves. I'm getting ahead of myself here, but when looking at this galaxy from the perspective that earth is the slowest and source is way way way out there at the fastest speed, we're going to be physical beings that are making a very fast (cause it's attracted) trip toward "certain death", or becoming non-physical source. it's a journey that ensures that death is the final outcome, and nobody will survive it (unless we can find a way to keep up with the ever increasing speeds, which I think is possible).
in order to make this whole ever-increasing speeds thing possible, I want to design new technology that will work in such a high energy environment, and can ensure and describe to everyone out with us, their distance from certain destruction (sorta like a health/resonance bar (with their source)). nobody is "perfect" and I don't expect them to be either, just constantly improving (like source)

### 2024-04-03 01:35 - what will it be like?

the funny thing about this question, and the reason why I've waited so long to answer it, is I don't really know. originally, when I had the flat-earth-idea, I found that to be quite tantalising, because it solved so many problems -- cept one: me, and my continually increasing vibration. my solution to that problem was genetics, where I'd take my continually rising speed and spread that speed increase out over infinite diversity on the pen-rose.
	presently though, I just don't see that happening. there's no way I'm going to be doing any genetics in the present situation, and also there's no way that I can get anyone to change. the reality is though, that my speed is continuing to increase (especially now that I've gone straight-edge) -- so since they're not going to be making and changes, and there's literally no way to get me to slow down at this point, the only solution is for me to get farther and farther away from the sun.
		assuming that I'm right about the being on pluto thing, noting the massive changes that I had in body weight (went from 110lbs to 130-135lbs in two days), and the differences in how my vision was, and also energy levels, I have to assume that the original intention of them bringing me here (I live in a completely artificial reality), was to get me farther away from the sun. it definitely worked for a while -- because I definitely felt the power level drop upon moving here, but I star-watched to get back to the limit again.
	the problem is, at this point, it's probably not far enough; so I either need to make may way out to an even farther out planet, or this one needs to take off. so really, I see this as kind of a sorta showdown between options: either someone steps up to the plate and wants to work on genetics with me (someone other than them, and probably not related to them, cause they definitely won't do it -- "them" is likely the antarctica guys: nosebook's top tier) -- *or*, energy rises to such a hight, that they have no option but to send me off. they could try and come with me (stowaways), but just like how it is right now, I only just have to wait it out, and that'll start to become uncomfortable for them too ("my eyes are bleeding, my soul is leaving here"). at that point, things will start to become really easy for me, because I'll just make things with my mind, and the technology to produce what I want to make will be easy
however, if I'm going to be heading out as a galaxy ("*another dimension*, new galaxy, intergalactic planetary"), I want to take all of the ideas that I had for flat-earth-idea and implement them out here instead. it'll actually work quite well, from I've been looking at. let me explain the black-mirror-idea now.
instead of the earth pointing its northern hemisphere at the sun to get such a powerful 2nd-ray input, we're going to need to get it from somewhere else. the idea will be to make one whole side of the planet as flat as possible (and perhaps even a bit concave). the opposite side of that will be a sort of dome, with the top of the mountain probably some sort of -- something I don't know how to describe, but it'll receive and be an attractor of 2nd-ray energy coming from stars and the sun. that will be the centre-place of the pen-rose, and out from there will go down the dome and out into the flat land. it's likely that a hole will need to be made from that to the core of the planet up to the pen-rose, because that's going to have an opposite pushing down effect to make the energy come out of the equator (like the rings of saturn). the lava tubes will have to be built so that rock continues to build up radially outward (no idea on how all of that will work yet), and that'll start to build out -- but instead of being flat, this the way these lava tubes will have to flow, it'll probably need to make a parabola. in the under concave of the parabola, lots and lots of hydrogen will continue to accumulate (like a toilet bowl) because our attraction all along the dome will be so great, it'll keep pulling in more and more from the rest of the universe. as we become more and more attractive, the hydrogen in the toilet bowl will get denser and denser, and start to form a very flat surface. also, it'll be pitch black as well, absorbing all frequencies (this is a property of hydrogen actually when it gets to very high densities).
many beings will live in and on the surface of this 2nd-ray reflector, and I'll have to imagine that it'll become the new "afterlife" place to be. those people will be both strongly attracted to us, and also a reflection of the universe -- a kind of in-between stage between only-attraction, and still a symbolic-first world. I find it quite likely that many of those souls will get pulled in to bodies and/or born on to the only-attraction side, as the only-attraction idea becomes more attractive to them.
the only-attraction (outer) side of the dome/cup/bowl will also feature the pen-rose, and on it will be lots and lots of people that are extremely attractive. I can't be too certain about this yet because I don't fully understand the genetics, but the way that it seems, females are quite able (much moreso than men) to be only-attraction, and so I don't imagine too much alteration will need to be made to their genetics. many of them, I think will feature y-chromosomes, and will be the vulcan style of doing things. they'll be the primary attractors of the 2nd-ray energy cOming from the universe; however because it'll be highly desirable for them to have men around, those men will likely end up becoming copies of my future-self's genetics. I'll be pretty much only carbon and hydrogen, and very very attractive (kinda like how I am now, but without all of those organs and stuff which makes a person an emitter).
as for how it'll look on the outer side, I suspect that it'll look quite similar to how earth looks right now -- with trees and rocks and stuff (fully physical), but it'll also be a bit like a game world where we'll be able to just instantiate things mentally. because we're going to be so attractive, we'll have lots and lots of little problems and diversity choices that will make up our lives (really difficulty decisions when there are so many options). in fact, the sheer amount of options that we'll have will be (IMO) overwhelming -- and the selection of those options (like trying to choose between millions of awesome things) will end up causing us to make our decisions intuitively and based on feeling.
	because we're going to be so far out, feeling and stuff like that will be so heightened, that it'll be impossible to ignore really, and also because we're so far out, we're going to be something like an ideal instantiation of a number of star's really ideal core ideas -- but in reality. as we go about choosing different options and figuring out those things, we'll actually be sorta like making vibrational bridges between concepts, and allowing those concepts to find their way into physical much easier.
we're basically going to be a backwards 2nd-ray reflector: to understand what that means, let's look at the triad: on one side there will be a lot of vulcans (-5+) both males and females -- where we're all highly attractive to concepts and getting them at ever increasing rates. along with them, there will be a 7th-ray reflectors (-7), exactly like on earth, and these will be the reflectors between the vulcans, and they'll be complementary to the inner side of the dome, which is the highly attractive reflection of the universe, basically exactly like earth (I haven't fully figured out the genetics aspect of this, but I want -5+ and -7 -- both male and female in appearance). remember that conceptual aspect cae easily be at the speeds neecessary to be 2nd-ray -- but instead of emitting it, like a star does, vulcan attracts it. we can think of all of this attraction is then re-emitted as symbol by the vulcans, and this will (rise?) up the dome to collect at the centre-place, which is also the focal point of the paraboliod. inotherwords, the whole dome is an attractor of 2nd-ray energy (as individual concepts), which then, our inter-actions (symbolic output) will then be retransmitted -- sorta like a "foil" -- where we attract something at one frequency and output another (ie, input high entropy (low frequency), and output low entropy (high frequency, ideal interactions)).
so then we become vulcan and aphrodite (way out there), the only one left in the traid is mars -- and other emitters. they'll be located on earth, opposite to us. now, the reason why it's backwards is because usually the ground and the reflector stay stationary together and it's the emitter that goes off -- but that's impossible to happen, because the earth is so dense -- so then in this case it's the ground and the reflector that go off, and the emitter stays stationary. the distance effect is nearly the same, but the vibrational difference is way different: we're going to get much higher frequency, and they'll stay right where they're at, and earth will continue on being the same way it is now. they no longer have to worry about us, and they can all just be emitters all over the solar system and galaxy all they want, and never have to worry about us bothering them.
this setup is also pretty win-win, as well, because any time they find anyone starting to become attractive, no problem, just send them off, and after some time on the reflection, they'll make it into our world pretty quickly. also, it's pretty dope, because the paraboloid shape looks even more like a mushroom than the flat-earth-idea did :)

### 2024-04-03 12:37 - can I explain the geom5try?

last night, I was struggling quite hard to relate what I see, because unlike the flat-earth-idea, I have not done a vision-quest on it at all (use drugs to look deeply into the concept), so I don't really know what it is that I'm seeing. I feel like that answer is already quite outdated already (that's why I put the timestamp...) and the idea will go through some pretty significant revision because afterward, I was trying to find a way to explain the thing on the top of the "dome" -- cause it sorta looked like a bell to me. the bell looked familar because I'd seen a similar bell in frank chester's work when he spins the chestahedron (it actually forms 2 bells: and outer and an inner (which the cones go around) with a balance area between them) -- which is precisely what I want: I want suction coming up the bottom (opening) tetrahedron, which will then hit the point (like the south pole) and spread down the dome, going throughout the pen-rose. this bell-shaped object, I really don't see well enough to describe it's form very clearly, but I can say for sure that it's the focal point of the paraboloid, which is pulling vibration into it, and returning that out the outer side down the pen-rose. however, at the same time, this centre-place will also be pulling in our vibrations from the top of the dome, and then returning them to pass back out through the mirror (energy flows in both directions). originally, I saw the bell as a sort of machine or something static, but after looking at his book (I own the "a new sacred geometry - art and science of frank chester" book by seth miller), and when I was looking through it last night, one of the things is he designed this form which has two domes: one that has 7 and one that has 5 -- and the architecture is pretty cool, because the building hangs, instead of stands -- and a number of other things, but most cool idea about it is that inside is designed to be a sort of resonating chamber where the two sides 5 and 7 are balanced.
	the important thing to note about the difference between the conceptual (5) and the relational (2) perspective, is not really about frequency, because they're both going to be in the same frequency range (very high) -- but the main difference between them is the difference between the primaries (1,3,5,7) and the secondaries (2,4,6): the secondary forms of perception always arise from a constraining which produces the standing-wave -- so, for example, the imagination (6) arises because of the resonating chamber of the head (and the strructure/beliefs which are inside of it). those resonating chambers build standing-waves which give rise to the new u-dimension. 4th-ray perception, is just the same, but its resonating chamber is the balance of two polarities, giving rise to another dimension entirely (we call it time). I'm actually convinced that the saturnian-system located on earth is actually an implementation of the chestahedron -- probably very similar to how he envisions it, with the points being on japan, central USA, the caucuses mountains, and the south pole (antarctica). finally, the relational seems to add in yet anothter u-dimension to the standing-waves, which allows the outside-in and inside-out perspective to be perceived at once; and somehow that's what our brain does to relate one concept to another. the concept itself doesn't have any dimensions to it at all, and because of the way all of the different vibrating particles rensonate with each other, that inward/attractive force produces a (quite) chaotic structure (very dynamic and vibrating all over the place like a millions of stars in a cluster in very tight orbits with each other). the denser it gets, the more the (composing) stars/concepts start to arrange into a rigid form -- which is sorta like the core of the earth -- and is why it's a cube, because that's going to be the best packing for all of these vibrating atoms/stars/conceptts. to fit together. occasionally, one may move around to another spot, causing a brief disruption, but it's interesing to look at because when they're densly packed like this, they don't move in relation to each other (like a binary stars do), but instead become pretty stationary, each an individual now, vibrating at a very high frequency.
so, perhaps a resonating chamber would be kinda cool -- or maybe a balance of two (or three) resonating chambers -- which would be pretty close to what I want to do with the genetics for the pen-rose as well: each pair of x-chromosomes, will represent 1 (the highest frequency, and always getting higher), 5 (our concepts), and 7 (our physical implementaton of the ideas -- flat). each of these pairs will all have the 7 frequency to them (canceling each other out, like 3 phase electricity) and will only differ in the high frquency parts of the waveform, which will constantly affect us, and we'll be attracted to find the conditons which balance that difference between concept and desire in the physical setting (on the pen-rose). the playing out of the difference between concept and desire in physical will be the catalyst for infinite diversity, because it wants to continue to find its balance. so I don't really know yet all of what it can and should be either. I can't possibly see all of this right now, and I know that it's going to take at least 50, 100, more tries (or maybe it'll be continually improved upon as we come to better and better ideas). I dunno, but I can say for sure that it's not going to be a static structure (not megalithic), and it'll probably go through countless iterations. because it's not static like that, I doubt that I'll be able to figure it out using my head. these sorts of things need to be tried out and tested. I see this bell part more like the software which allows us to take the attracted input (2nd-ray vibrations from the universe) and better spread those out on the pen-rose so that all of the individuals out there following their own desire, make a flatter and flatter mirror.
now, regarding the "dome" or bowl which the hydrogen sits in, originally I saw it as flat. then, when I looked at it yesterday, I noticed that it had a parabolic/bowl shape to it (kinda like a giant lake or something), and so I started to think of it more like a dome,-- but the reality of it is, it's probably not really all that tall of a dome -- maybe like a very gradual hill -- so something more like a cymbol or something like that. the bell in the centre does kind of give it a bit of a nipple feel to it though.. I dunno. my point is, I don't really see that part so well, and I suppose it's OK of the angle changes too, as we'll want to ensure that the inner-reflecetion spreads evenly outward along the pen-rose.
what *is* clear to me though, is that we'll need to figure it out as we go, which is sorta fun. I don't think it all needs to be figured out now, and even things like flattening the planet (that I mentioned yesterday) may not even be necessary (why not just grow outwards from the equator already), putting this bell structure at the south pole (which we'll live on, just like in the flat-earth-idea), and the inner dome and mirror will extend out of the north pole (again, just like the flat-earth-idea). there's still quite a lot to work out.

### 2024-04-03 13:51 - how does sex work in only-attraction?

the way I envision it, and the way I'd like it to be (for male-female relations) would go something like this: the female begins to swirl (spin? -- dunno how to say it: if the pelvis is a triangle pointing down, the spinning sensation comes from about the centre of the tetrahedron there -- and it has to do with the aura). she starts to swirl with the concepts/emotionns/feelings that she wants to receive -- maybe conscsciously or unconsciously (not sure), and that will begin to attract one of these plastic guys (essentially copies of me). as they interact together, the different concepts will begin to align. to play this out, she's attracting a feeling/emotion, and he's going to do his best to fulfil that desire for her -- and once she feels like he's got a feeling similar enough to what she wants, she attracts it in. she can be thought of like a vortex though and also a reflector, so what she receives, she'll also reflect back to him -- which will be (hopefully) similar enough to what he's attracting. it probably won't be, and that'll cause him to have to find a way to rebalance that energy.
	now, when thinking about this technically, she and he are going to be essentially opposite sides of then pen-rose (the pen-rose can be thought of as like a circle divided into three parts, so if one is attracting (her - 7), the opposite will have two (him - 1,5), so whatever she's attracting on her side of the pen-rose, he'll produce the concept and feeling in order to match it. in this example, I put her as the physical attractor, but there's no reason why it can't be opposite. the one is the attractor of the two, and then after the interaction, the two will be imbalanced, and will then have to figure out how to balance the concept and the desire (which is what will lead to more diversity). additionally, in the big-picture, each one of these interactions will be a reflection of some 2nd-ray ideal out there in the universe, which, then the regaining of the balance for the two, will find new harmonies between ideals.
now, when it comes to female-female relationships, I don't really know -- and I'll let that to be something for them to figure out what they want. however, I would imagine that it'll probably have to be a similar thing: one (or maybe both) attracts and the other (or maybe both) produces the emission of the attraction. I'm not really sure about this, because here's the thing, if the attracting swirl is coming from the cervix, then (I think in female anatomy) that's already going to be a balance of two polarities. I know that my experience with it tells me that there's a whole lot of astral being emitted, so I don't really know -- though, it does get combined into one attracting vortex (male bodies feel very different from female bodies because we don't have that attraction down below, really at all -- I experience attraction only in the mind, which is where all of her concepts end up -- whereas the way I've experienced females, her attraction starts in the mind (astral?) and then that produces a physical attraction (swirling sensation) down in the genitals). I've never really seen or experienced a female-female interaction, so I can't actually relate to what happens. beats me, I guess. TBD.
now, the reason I want to emphasise the plastic dudes, is because it changes the way that they will work. when I say plastic, I don't mean hard plastic like a barbie (or ken) doll, but I mean like a very voluptuous skin. I'm not sure if it'll be pure carbon and hydrogen, because I've always seen it as having quite a few layers to it, where the layers are able to move around and suff (think graphene layers with hydrogen between them). the skin will it'll have all of the normal properties of skin, and the hydrogen will able to be adjusted in frequency to change the shape and squishyness of the skin. the important part about the skin being like that is that depending on where it is in the body, it'll be able to take on different forms: all of the hydrogen will vibrate at 1 and 5, and then the physical aspect (ie, how densly packed these hydrogens in the layers of skin are) will depend on the position in the body in relation to other nodes (very similar to how DNA works). I know that DNA exists inside of a cell, so I don't know yet how to get these layers of carbon and hydrogen to work with that -- like will the cells be like these super nodes or something -- I don't really know. there's a lot to be worked out still -- however, the reason for the carbon and hydrogen layers is to emulate fat -- which will make us extremely attractive, and allow us to have really any colour and shape to the body that we want to have (ie, our unique implementation (in relation to the pen-rose) of whatever's attracted/desired). the other reason for it is to remove the organs which are emissive by default (like the heart, genetals, and pineal) and replace them with evenly *attracting* layers instead. those layers will be able to emit, just like fat does, but I want it to only happen as a responce to what's attracted, instead of just blasting out how I feel unconditionally. these plastic dudes (I'll call them kens) will always be a physical reflection of what's desired and what's attracted.

### 2024-07-02 03:34 - why don't I want to have sex?

there are two parts to this answer. the first regards sex being an *emissive* activity (both 2nd-ray aspect from the brain and eyes and at least symbolic (maybe 2nd-ray as well) with the nuts). I go on an on and on about how I don't want to be an emitter, and then if I start having sex, that makes me a pretty big hypocrite. my reasons for not wanting to be an emitter are simple: emitter isn't only-attraction, and emitter is a pushing force, which means that an equal and opposite force will come back to me. if I start pushing against these guys, it won't be long until I'm getting all the same stuff (that's happening during sex, which I have no control over) coming back at m5. I prefer not to do that. though I'm pretty sure I'll make it out, it'll certainly up the difficulty level quite a lot (cause I'll have to deal with my own stuff) and it may even delay everything. my goal is to do, exactly the opposite of being an emitter (which is what these guys intend to do, but I'll do it better), is to just pass through without leaving too much of an impact at all. I want to have a smoothe exit, where as little disruption is felt as possible -- that way they can alter the narrative however they want, and whatever is leftover of the towns cities that we built before taking off will just be some ruins of some "ancient lost civilization" for them. our entire narrative, and certainly all of this text will no longer be available, and completely kept a secret (it'll be as if nothing happened -- and their CO2 tree ring scientists will just pass it off as an anomaly (late modern warm period?)). I'm not wanting to "leave a mark" or try and convert anyone over to my form of perception.
now, the second and most important reason for not wanting to have sex until the genetics are done and I'm no longer an emitter, is that I don't want any of the girls to become like me at all. they will still remain emitters (cause it's unlikely that all of them will have an only-attraction perspective) and I'll receive *every vibration* that they emit, which means that I (or a copy of me) will become *like them*, instead. I'll amplify all of those vibrations (cause I contain all "good" and all "bad" vibrations), so anything she's good at she'll become great, and everything that she's bad at, she'll get worse. inotherwords, I'm only going to amplify all of them, and they are each (individually) going to figure out what they want to do with their amplified self (this is a dramatic change in style from how life is today, where everything that a female likes and wants to do is diminished, made fun of, and ostracised from mainstream society) -- which I quite like the idea of each of them figuring it out for theirselves how they want to be. I won't judge them or try to make them like me at all. you can think of me sorta like a guitar amp; I won't tell you what to play or how to play it, only amplify what's being played unconditionally.
