# great-reversal

### 2024-05-24 18:50 - girls and consciousness (intro)

I want to make this into a series, because the topic is quite interesting to me. it started out when I was monologuing to myself about how girls have a different type of consciousness than boys do -- so I'll start there:
I don't want to say that girls don't have any consciousness at all, and are purely robots, but they kinda are. I say that being the same way myself. I noticed that girls (the receptive ones of energy) are essentially programmed to search out and find energetic types that are similar to their father (and mother, but the father one seems to usually be the most dominant -- but that may change).
	the way that I believe this works (and in this case I'm talking only about XX females), when the girl is born (or boy), they inherit the cOnceptual structure of the parents: one X is the father and one X is the mother. now, depending on the genetic structure of the father and mother (in my case I belive my father is probably mercury so XY and I believe my mother was originally solar so also XY), the child is just getting the earthly (X) conceptual structure which matches the symbolic Y of their parents. I know in my case, I was born (and struggled with for a long time) with the conceptual structures of both m/ mother and father. to understand what I mean, I consider that the Y contains a symbolic structure of the symbolic (calculated) needs of the total situation in which summoned that entity/soul/Y into being. I consider the Y to be the antenna to the "solar-soul"
		which is funny because "sol" and "soul" sound a lot alike, but one means sun/star and the other means the permanent/ephemeral/eteral part of consciousness that defines "you".
		to understand "you" from a (why?) Y-perspective, imagine all of the reasons/needs (calculated) desires which come together to summon such a matching soul into being (someone needs a perfect mate that can sacrificially do house chores, society another needs another steelworker, and someone else needs someone that can do something for their business, etc) all contain the symbolic desires of the people and situations which can produce the symbolic system for this soul to come into. the symbolic programming also seems to have to do with sex, as the cenceptual energy which allows the conception of the child, matches all of these symbolic aspects of the solar-soul that is being prepared for the body. all of these (calculated) needs and desires come together to create a person with defult programming (I'm going to call it "duty") which comes pre-installed into the child. if the symbolic system for the child works out perfectly as c6nceived by the parents, then it works out perfectly and the child grows up, performs the function and then finally dies of old age. everything went fine. however, if the child runs into some difficulties (and it inevitably will) where the symbolic system of the household/society/job/religion/etc doesn't allow them to perform their symbolic/calculated desires as they've been programmed to, then difficulty starts to arise, because the soul isn't able to perform its duty, and it desires to doso -- which produces desire. that desire is the foundation of consciousness, as it takes the person out/off of their symbolic script, and they start to now perform things that they weren't originally scripted/calculated to do (ie, chaos).
	the symbolic (Y) part, *must* (in physical space) be paired with with a conceptual (X) part in order for it to work. inotherwords, the symbolic asecpect of a person (and this literally exists inside of every cell of your body) must have a cOncepual translator of that symbol into real tangible emotions (like "body memory") and physical molecules which are the machinery will perform the function of the symbolic system. that whole translation system (the X) becomes really good at translating symbolic stuff into real tangible things like concepts and emotions, etc. this system turns symbol into concept, and an XX child will get both of their parents implementations of that, and will therefore be attracted to the symbolic systems of both their father and mother (depending on which conceptual system gains more influence/attractiveness). 
		to understand what I mean by that, consider now the difference between a boy (myself) who is a conceptual pair of his parents' concepts and a girl (like melissa). I (like melissa) was constantly attracted to dudes who have a very similar symbolic system to my father. notable examples for me are chris/dani/daniel/zaryn/etc. these guys have a symbolic system which is very similar to my father in that they're all smart guys, but for some reason they just have this idea that they aren't good enough to actually do anything really meaningful. now, consider what dad's symbolic system looks like for a girl (someone who's physically attractive) -- which means that she's basically looking for guys like dad, and to become like mom was for dad, for them (because the male in the relationship is usually the symbolic one, the female often times performs the conceptual/physical implementaton of the male's (symbolic/calculated) desires in the relationship much like how the X does the same thing for the Y on the genetic level). so, she's going to automatically be attracted to a guy who is symbolically similar to her father, so that her conceptual side will work well with and be able to implement his symbolic system. notable examples of this are jeff and patrick (and probably yale too, but I don't remember him symbolically too well). 
			actually, let's talk about jeff for a bit -- though I've never met jeff, I've given him a lot of thought, because I simply have not been able to figure out what made him so attractive to melissa. in a lot of ways, he's very similar to my father, in that he doesn't believe he's capable of doing anything of improvement, and just sorta skates by. he seems to have a pretty good ability to use symbol (words, gestures, etc) in a way which conveys that he's doing something of importantance/good/improvement, but it's just a show (again, sorta like dad). then I noticed that he's also got this perpetual thing where he has excuses for why he can't do any work -- which works quite well with mom's conceptual system, because she's such a good helper of bailing people out of their (financial/emotional/traumatic) situations.
			to understand this, let's consider greg now, which I now believe (different than previous explanations) is the combination of dad's symbolic system and mom's conceptual system (which is why him and I share a lot in common). he's constantly looking for someone to help out and to learn from them (just like mom), but he's paired with dad's symbolic system, which has summoned/learned to exploit helpers just like mom -- so he essentially is constantly exploiting himself, in a similar way to the way that dad did for mom. this is noticeable when he's working with jaron (who I think is also XX) and would be the same as me, but dad and mom's concepts had changed quite a bit in the 3y that happened between us -- so greg too (like jeff and dad) also comes up with many excuses for why he can't do some work.
	anyway, what I mean to say here is that the XX females (and males -- ie vulcans) seem to be programmed to find symboically similar men to their father, and be the receivers of his energy.
	so now, if we now think about how society is run, the receivers of the energy of their parents are going to be attracting more guys like their fathers (and mothers, but their fathers are going to be the main ones here cause we live in a male dominant society) -- so that means the conceptul/emotional (ie, attraction) system of each of these receivers is desiring for more and more (symbolically defined) guys who make this structure. therefore, they shape the trajectory of society in general, because not only are they attracting the men, they're also producing them as well.
		in a society where a number of guys want to control and remain superior, it's quite important for dudes to remain as big of losers as possible (so that the girls are attracting losers) so that nobody rivals their superiority, and that it be ensured that girls should never actually get to be around a guy or boy at a younge age, and become a reflection of him.
			one of the things that I noticed when looking through wikipedia and exploring shakespere stuff, is that in the 1400s, there were a few notable examples of royal couples who were married at a very younge age (for example richard neville) -- and I think this was done away with because it produced too good of results. at that time a boy (not yet an adult) is still quite concectually receptive, and so having a female/attractive influence like that will "bring out in him" what she's attracting -- because he hasn't gone through puberty yet,and so therefore hasn't learned to gain all of the symmbolic stuff that society expects of him (through social interaction -- which would be different if he's getting that social interaction from someone that's conceptually attractive, and not someone that's symbolically emissive, like every education program is). so I think that largely the idea of children getting married was done away with, because a boy/girl child still has a very malleable conceptual structure, which hasn't become the implementation of the social symbolic system yet.
		so, I've kinda come to the conclusion that society similar to the one we're living in, has been specifically designed to ensure that girls can't actually attract the guys that they want, because it would undermine the social symbolic system and remove superiority from the top guys. even the "strong female characters" which are presented in theatre and film, are symbolic emitters -- and not actually attractive to the things that they want. that's a desirable quality too for our society, because attraction can't be stopped, but we can argue endlessly about what she's symboically emitting is right/good/bad/unjust/manipulative/ete. I think media's portrayal of females also has a lot to do with this reversal in consciousness roles.
I'm actually going to end this one here, cause I didn't even come close to talking about what I was originally going to talk about. instead I just built up a bunch of concepts, which will be useful for the next entry.
