# up-and-atom

### 2024-08-04 18:25 - 3 body problem

a few days ago I watched [your video on the 3 body problem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2wnqlcOL9A) -- and in the middle of it somewhere you said that (poincare found out that) the position of the planet cannot be calculated with perfect precision -- to which I paused the video and said, "I think that planet's orbits are determined by the consciousness on the planet" -- and then watched the rest of the video and then did a few other things. then, yesterday after I'd smoked a bit of weed, I felt your reaction (or your video or something) pretty strongly, and I was going to write this entry here to you -- but I got distracted by a lua library and ended up reading about that all night instead. so I've woken up now (at 6pm, lol -- so I'm basically on aussie time) and I decided I'd finally try and explain what I meant. there's a whole lot to cover (which is why I delayed for a bit). the final thing that I noticed is that (to me), you look almost identical to [sarah](https://www.youtube.com/@ShakespearewithSarah), sound pretty similar, have the same nose, a lot of similar manerisms, and animate in a way that reminds me of her. you're both like aussie venuses of a similar venusian mother. anyway, a long time ago, I proposed to her that I could teach her how attraction works using only very simple experiments and explanations -- which is what I'm about to do now (cept, instead of explaining it to sarah, I explain it to you instead -- but since you look alike and remind me of each other, it's kinda appropriate, I suppose). I'm just going to write all of this out from my perspective. I'll probably have a bunch of things that I say "it *is* like this" or "this is how it works" -- and when I'm doing that, I'm basically just conjuring the concept of the thing into my head (the way everything works has a concept to it (cause some consciousness/concept built it and set it into motion, and the concepts that were involved in the creation and understanding of it by others are ubiquituous)) so I'm just doing my best to translate that concept into words. sometimes I don't always get the translation as clear as it could be, but I'm getting better at it all the time.

the 3 body problem is impossible to calculate, not for the reasons you mentioned -- but more for the same reason that turbulant flow is also impossible to calculate. for example, if I could know every single water molecule's posision, spin, and trajectory in a moving water system, I could run the sim with a small time increment (the smaller the better and less errors), you would think that I would be able to predict the properties of all water molecules in the system in the future -- but I cannot. there's gonna be drift, and that drift happens simply because there are always going to be vibrations in the water molecules that are out of our ability to perceive them (this is true for all consciousness, even "source" or "God"). therefore, because those frequencies are out of the range of our ability to detect, it's impossible to know why something is attracted or repelled to something when it looks like no detectable vibration is happening (for example, if two water molecules have a similar vibration in the 10^30Hz, it appears as no signal to modern detectors, but the (weak) attraction is still happening). therefore, it's impossible to calculate those attraction or repelling of water molecules for things we cannot measure (again, even "source/God" has the same problem and it's a property of the continual discovery of the universe (it's like a fractal; always more stuff to find)).
now that I've explained that it's impossible to calculate (for a different reason than poincare pointed out), I'll try to explain what *is* happening: when I say that "conscousness" determines the orbit of the planet, what I mean by that is we need to divide the typical atom into 3 parts: there's the electron/planet, the nucleus/proton or white-sphere, and also the black-hole. all three can exist in varrying amounts of quantites, but the black-holes and white-spheres collect into bigger blobs, because they're based on attraction. the electrons/planets happen essentially the same way that CMEs happen on the sun -- because the sun is basically just a giant white-sphere. I should also mention that all white-sheres have black-holes (their attractive/receptive side) but not all black-holes have white-spheres (and both can have/produce similarly vibrating electrons/planets rotating about). we will think of the protons/white-spheres as being positively charged, and the electrons/planets as being bothly charged, and the black-hole as being the reflector because everything that the black-hole absorbs, the white-sphere often times emits back out a "reflection" of a similar kind. all atoms have at least the black-hole part, and some have white-holes too, and those white-holes produce the electrons/mass through a fusion/collision process.
white-holes are a reflection of all of the stuff that's attracted (ie the black-holes around them) -- so for example, the sun in our solar system is a reflection of all of the black-holes in the solar system (and also elesewhere) -- so if a black-hole is attracting one frequency, the white-holes will be putting out that frequency. another way to look at it is, if the white-hole emits something, the black-hole is automatically created as the emission's "source" -- and the electron emitted from the white-hole will be attracted to and eventually find their way back to their black-hole. to further complicate things, a white-hole (like a proton or the sun) is composed up of lots and lots of tiny hydrogens, and so therefore all of its component parts also have white-spheres and black-holes. in the centre of those massive white-spheres the density and attraction is so large, most of the hydrogen in the centre is just black-holes/black-cubes. that means that because all of those hydrogens inside of the sun are all colliding with one another which then produce the electrons/matter that comes streaming out as solar wind and CMEs.
	to understand the action of solar wind and CMEs, it's simple attraction: when one hydrogen is more of a white-sphere than a black-hole/cube, it's going to be flying around all over the place trying to get away from other hydrogens of different vibration -- and that creates an organised structure to them (like layers and flows -- like how rivers carve through land) -- and there's a whole lot of stuff out there which describes the way that these impacts produce elements (I was under the impression that the white-spheres are pretty well understood (with like strong theory and stuff), but I could be wrong). anyway, the way that the diferent elements clog up the flows and stuff creates different pressure gradients -- where the black-holes out in the solar system are attracting those bits of matter/electrons, but there's some other giant repulsive structure in the way of the electron being able to run off to its receiveing black-hole out in the solar-system (which obviously creates buildups and pressure which cause CMEs)
black-holes/black-cubes are black because they're invisible and very very tiny. if you could make one be big enough to hold, they're solid, and perfectly black (so black, in fact that you wouldn't be able to see the edges -- and it'd just look like a distorted rectangle/hexagon). each one of these tiny black-cubes are all attracted to the others just like it (imagine them as other cubes of exactly the same size all fitting together). normally each one of these concepts has a white-hole, and put enough of them together (of a similar enough frequency), and you'll get a pretty good sphere, but as these black-cubes become more and more attractive to one another, they fit in closer and closar together making a giant cube, and all of the white-spheres all go up to where they can float around and interact, making the liquid ocean we see as the "surface" of the sun (or large concepts).
	black-holes and white-spheres are opposite to each other in how they operate: a black-hole is trying to find (because it's so attractive) less and less angles of relation to another concept. the closer and tighter packing that's possible, the better -- so they tend to form in cubes. however, the spheres are all reprelling each other (cause they're all positively charged), so they wiggle about trying to get away from one another, but none of them can go anywhere, because they're tethered/attracted to their source/black-cube in the centre of the sun -- which means that they (trying to get away from one another) form the maximum number of angles of relation and just keep crashing into one another until they become a diffrent enough vibration than their source (the black-cubes in the centre) and can be attracted out to the planets/electrons in the system.
	the electrons are also funny because they live on the outside of the sun, and can continue to attract output from its sun that's different enough to the sun (everything coming off of the sun/proton and being attracted to the electron/planet is *not* the vibration of the sun/proton) so eventually an electron/planet can have a diffreent enough of a vibration to its parent sun/proton, and can go shooting off to another sun/proton who's more similar vibration to him (the movement of these planets/electrons from one star/proton to another is what we call electricity, and it's basically all of the stuff/matter that the sun/proton doesn't need/want anymore in its system). so stuff we call electricicy, is something (to the sun) more like getting rid of the trash (one sun's trash is exactly what another sun is attracting) -- and if we could look at the galaxy over time, it would look something like fashion -- where at some stars things that are coming into fashion which in other places in the galaxy are going out of fashon -- so like a bunch of giant junkyards, they're all trying to get rid of junk.
OK, so that's how atoms work in my mind. it's not a perfect model, but for the simulations I run in my head, it's a "good enough" model of how they work. back to the 3 body problem: when I say consciousness, I'm referring to the white-sheres (repulsive) and black-holes (attractive). so in order to calculate the earth and the moon, we'd need to know the vibration of all of the protons of both bodies -- and that'll give a specific frequency, but the majority of it will be out of our range of detection, so like you said, it could go easily a little to the left lane or to the right lane. we don't have enough precision (of the higher frequencies of that body) to calculate with effectiveness all of the frequencies where it's attractive and where it's repulsive. we also don't have infinite knowledge of the propulsion (electron emission) that's happening either -- so it's an extremely difficult (impossible) problem to work out without any accuracy (cause undetectable frequenmcies are going to be pushing/pulling the bodies in one way slightly or another).
I only really scratched the surface on this explanation. there's a lot more to go into and explain, but I don't think I want to try and do that now. the whole thing (of getting me to write this) was actually kinda weird for me (because I don't really feel much compatiblity/attraction to you) -- so it's a bit difficult to write about something when I don't feel attcraction (or hate) to what I'm writing. it didn't go that well, and it could be better. I'll see how the reactions go, and I may write more again. (also, I didn't really feel too good about watching your video, so I probably won't watch your channel even if I write again). OK, bye
